I woke up early once again, that's four days straight. I didn't wake you, baby, I just watched you lay. In the radiation of the city sun. I am in love with you, it is my only grace (Woo). You know how everything can seem a little out of place?. All of my life, that seemed to be the only normal state. So feelin' normal never really meant me feelin' sane. And bein' clear about the truth and bein' sane have never really been the same. I used to wanna get the chance to show the world I'm smart (Ha). Isn't that dumb? I should've focused mostly on the heart. 'Cause I seen smarter people trample life like it's an art. So bein' smart ain't what it used to be, that's fuckin' dark. You ever notice that the worst of us have all the chips?. It really kinda takes the sheen off people gettin' rich. Like maybe rich is not the holy, ever-lovin'. King of nothin' fuckers, know we know you're bluffin'. You are dealing with the motherfuckin' money-money runners. [Verse 2: Killer Mike]. It'd be a lie if I told you that I ever disdained the fortune and fame. But the presence of the pleasure never abstained me from any of the pain. When my mother transitioned to another plane, I was sitting on a plane. Tellin' her to hold on, and she tried hard, but she just couldn't hang. Been two years, truth is I'll probably never be the same. Dead serious, it's a chore not to let myself go insane. It's crippling, make you wanna lean on a cup of promethazine. But my queen say she need a king, not another junkie, flunky rapper fiend. Friends tell her, "He could be another Malcolm, he could be another Martin". She told her partner, "I need a husband more than the world need another martyr". Made in Atlanta, Georgia, where I use to ride the MARTA. With a empty .22 in the front pocket of my Braves Starter. Tryin' to make it out the mud as a baby father is much harder. The same children that you love and adore, the court'll use to break and rob ya. Circumstance woulda broke a weaker man, but I put it on my mama. I'm a man of honor and the hardship made me a better money runner. . [Verse 3: El-P]. This is for the never heard, never even got a motherfuckin' word. This is for my sister, Sarah, honey, I'm so sorry you were hurt (Ayy). This is for the dawn, mama took a knock, had to change the locks. Dusted up and brushed off and I watched, talk about a boss. For the holders of a shred of heart even when you wanna fall apart. When you're surrounded by the fog, treadin' water in the ice cold dark. When they got you feelin' like a fox runnin' from another pack of dogs. Put the pistol and the fist up in the air, we are there, swear to God. You might also like[Verse 4: Killer Mike]. Black child in America, the fact that I made it's magic. Black and beautiful, the world broke my mama heart, and she died an addict. God blessed me to redeem her in my thoughts, words, and my actions. Satisfaction for the devil, goddammit, he'll never, ever have it. This is for the do-gooders that the no-gooders used and then abused. For the truth tellers tied to the whippin' post, left beaten, battered, bruised. For the ones whose body hung from a tree like a piece of strange fruit. Go hard, last words to the firing squad was, "Fuck you too". . [Instrumental Break]. . [Outro: Matt Sweeney, Matt Sweeney & A$AP Ferg, A$AP Ferg]. This is the story of a couple of small-time hustlers. Framed by crooked cops and forced to make a run for their lives. Nothin' but a bag of money, a stolen Buick Grand National. And each other to their names. They ain't friends, exactly. These guys have a better chance of killin' each other. Than beatin' the odds. No sir, they're brothers, and when the chips are down. I really don't think you wanna bet against. Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Oh, Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave). Yankee and the Brave (Brave, Brave, Brave, Brave)11Embed