Bitch, as I was sayin', don't you touch a motherfuckin' button up here, bitch. Nothin' in this cockpit, ho. You gon' fuck around and crash this ship so don't you touch a motherfuckin' thang up here, bitch. Ayy, mayday, nigga! This- this is the- this is the Nebu Kinigga, nigga. I’m 'bout to crash land. I don't know where the fuck I'm goin', somebody send me the coordinates or somethin', nigga! Where the- where the fuck am I goin', nigga?!. . [Verse 1]. 8.7, 34.5 longitude and latitude. With a 4.0 and no less than a 3.5 inside of the classroom. I'm carcinogen and give a bitch every inch of dick as if it's past due. I give her Yelp a bad review and stomp a nigga out. In a pair of all white Stacy Adams tappin' shoes. “Oh shit, CuumMoney, them niggas on ya dick". Oh well, that's bad news. I took a nap, now I'm back to stay on a nigga naps. Like S-curls, line ups, and head tattoos. Everything around me, nigga, you know that cash rules. Get edged up in a fitted cap like Papoose. Every bar a meal, my nigga, I'm spittin' rap food. Try to play real and won't hesitate to clap you. Shit, bitch, we gotta switch to a different curriculum. It's ridiculous how my dick, it just swing like a pendulum. “All he does is talk about his dick, what a waste of penmanship”. My same pen from my penmanship is the pen I take attendance with. Same pen from attendance is the same pen I fuck these bitches with. Same pen I fuck bitches with, I use to write down these digits quick. The digits hit and add up to what would have been before difference split. So I hit Africa with the same bitch from licks I attended with. [Chorus]. 87-83-2- south, 34.50.85. east (Wah). 87-83-2- south, 34.50.85. east (Ha). 87-83-2- south, 34.5- nah, hold up man, nah-nah, fuck that shit, nigga (Wah). . [Verse 2]. Africa, Africa, Africa, that shit so magical. What happen, what happen, happen to us, shit was so tragic, then. They sacked us, then shackled, and packed us up. Promised us promise land. Then beat us, reteach us, mistreat us, gentrifying where we stand. I'm grown now, mama, I'm grown now, teach me these truths I type. 'Bout how they really not tryna protect me but wanna take my life. 'Bout how they try to portray me as ugly, but imitate my plight. 'Bout how Jesus ain't real and my cries only unearth my fight. Teach me 'bout the Asiatic black man and how he is me. Teach me 'bout how “nigga” derives from “negus” and it means "king". Teach me 'bout Haile Selassie and Emperor Menelik. I want to be God if that's what it means for me. To be a GYou might also like1Embed