Yeah. Healthy. ('Cause I'm not healthy). More Like. In hell. (I'm not healthy). . [Verse 1]. Yeah. I'm a King like Stephen. I made it. Mentally I wanna crash and my mind racin'. Back and forth it's steady I'm pacin'. I really made it but I just surprise bitches like I'm blind datin'. Mental an issue cannot fake it. From me never being patient, goin' in to an outpatient. But for me bein' in the dumpster like I’m Isaiah. Lord I’m ballin’ like Thomas, I’ll take it. Back into the day when I was not famous. There was not a second I would tell you that I’m not fadеd. Hustle in the cemеtery work until I got paid. And I ain’t talkin’ military when I leave ‘em blockaded, nigga. Get a little shine they ‘gon try shade a killa. Like my capabalities not breakin’ into these. Top-ish facilities. Pop make a killin’ off opps say a killin’ spree. I beg to differ. These niggas ain’t fuckin’ with me Andreas. That’s how I talk to my sons and their moms hate it. I be tryna keep it cool but it’s hot blazin’. I wanna take it from "God Damnit" to "God Dang It". Homicidal thoughts had me sittin’ with the doc waitin’. Lookin’ like Eminem in the vid he did for “My Name Is”. You the type to wear crocs like you got patients. I’m in the water with a fuckin’ killer croc waitin’. Niggas know I’m not playin’. Walkin’ through the Devil’s kitchen nigga with the pots, pans. No A/C but it’s cool 'cause I got fans. Bitch you better stop fakin’. I be tryna have a good time, where is John Amos?. What the fuck am I sayin’?. Because I’m only thinkin’ of my problems, star fadin’. Knew I wouldn’t kill a nigga 'cause you wouldn’t stop hatin’. Hinder me to not make it. But like a server quit his job that had to stop waitin’. Now I’m. [Chorus]. Hellthy with two L’s, got two blunts lit. Lit walkin’ through hell, won’t you come in?. The fire don’t hurt when you been through some shit. So I smile while I burn away to nothin’. Hellthy with two L’s, got two blunts lit. (I’m not healthy). Lit walkin’ through hell, won’t you come in?. (I’m not healthy). The fire don’t hurt when you been through some shit. (I’m not healthy). So I smile while I burn away to nothin’. (I’m not healthy). . [Verse 2]. Yeah, I’m hellthy with two L’s. I’m Todd Smith in the gym with a few bells. Kettle. Now I’m poppin’ like a few shells. Back then was left out like a shoe sale. In Retro-. Spect haters yellin’ blue but it’s funny how a nigga met Aaron and I grew well. Hello. Ma' callin’ like a new cell, got team sprintin’ to the money, where the boost well?. Leggo. My mental and it's funny, couldn’t make it better man because I’m just a crazy motherfucker plus I’m tatted, damn. I’m tryna build and I don’t ever wanna settle man, that's why my pretty chick the same color as the lego man. I’m writin’ my own everything. Like a Mellow Yellow can. Nigga rock fests I got hella bands. Jumpman like MJ, bet I’ll never land. His hand gun’ll leave you a Zero. Mega Man. Blood I’m always suited up like the weather man. 'Cause whether or not it changes I bet I can. Even though God is on my 11. Chance walkin’ through hell but I’m still gettin’ blessed so whatever man. When you live a dream, nightmares got a better plan. So play your cards right every hand. And anybody dissin’ me I’m way better than. You ain’t even halfway in my zone nigga. 7 grams. Veterans standin' in the VA line. When I was younger daddy told my momma “he ain’t mine”. No wonder [?] but it indeed takes times. So I ain't talking Windy City when I end up in the C H I. But King Iso, he can’t die. I’m frontline with the Isoldiers yellin’ out “We stay live”. I’m in hell doin’ well so when peeps say “Hi, how am I?”. I’m H E Double L T H Y and that’s. You might also like[Chorus]. Hellthy with two L’s, got two blunts lit. Lit walkin’ through hell, won’t you come in?. The fire don’t hurt when you been through some shit. So I smile while I burn away to nothin’. Hellthy with two L’s, got two blunts lit. (I’m not healthy). Lit walkin’ through hell, won’t you come in?. (I’m not healthy). The fire don’t hurt when you been through some shit. (I’m not healthy). So I smile while I burn away to nothin’. ('Cause I’m not healthy). (I’m not healthy). (I’m not healthy). (I’m not healthy)1Embed