Naw I’m talking about. It’s by all the lil g’s and p’s man spending flavor all over the world. You know what I’m talking about player shit. . [Verse 1: Sauce Walka]. I keep smashing passion splashing in high fashion. Rolling up the 93 good and I’m ashy. Lacing up the [?] like they Jordan classics. I don’t f*ck with trash ass hoes I got to pass it. Riding through the hood. Drop top good. Four is now and days we leave the slabs in the hood. Mansion roof ceiling luxury style living. Dripping all this sauce shit his twins made a million. Riding in the benz spending it’s the twins. Blue her toes yeah the bitch paid the ends. I’m throat in the game I’m sauced in the game. Went to Martin Luther King went to John and got a chain. [Chorus: Sauce Walka]. I keep sauce. Sauce it on the rich I ain’t never go broke. Believe I’m gone drip. I keep sauce. Sauce on the benz. And the bitch break a trick it’s the sauced up click. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch we ain’t never going broke. Believe we gone drip. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch. Throwing whips throwing trips. It’s the sauced up click. . [Verse 2: DoughBoy Sauce]. I’m sauced up I’m bossed up candy paint glossed up. Gotta be careful in this game cause it’ll cost ya. Your baby momma tossed up. These n*ggas still hating. The Jack is still waiting for the only four skating. Up and down the block it don’t stop. Ticking like a clock. Upset four g billy drop off the lot. Just to let you know never been a hoe. And I ain’t from sunnyside but I’ll still check a hoe. Bought my dough on this got block with the [?]. And my n*gga dizza dripping sauce on the flizo. And your hoe didn’t paid him him and him. And I be getting money from Keisha Jane and Kim. And this brim cost a couple hundred cause it’s robbin. And that light don’t even matter cause you know I’m not stopping. When I’m rolling big diamond on top of golden. Got the city back holding dripping sauce like a ocean. You might also like[Chorus: Sauce Walka]. I keep sauce. Sauce it on the rich I ain’t never go broke. Believe I’m gone drip. I keep sauce. Sauce on the benz. And the bitch break a trick it’s the sauced up click. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch we ain’t never going broke. Believe we gone drip. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch. Throwing whips throwing trips. It’s the sauced up click. We keep. . [Outro: Sauce Walka]. I keep sauce. Sauce it on the rich I ain’t never go broke. Believe I’m gone drip. I keep sauce. Sauce on the benz. And the bitch break a trick it’s the sauced up click. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch we ain’t never going broke. Believe we gone drip. We keep sauce. Sauce it on the bitch. Throwing whips throwing trips. It’s the sauced up clickEmbed