Hold on, don't fight your war alone. Hate all around you, don't have to face it on your own. We will win this fight, let all souls be brave. We'll find a way to heaven, we'll find a way. [Verse 1]. War is old, so is sex, let's play God, you go next. Hands go up, men go down, try my luck, stand my ground. Die in church, live in jail say her name, twice in hell. Uncle Sam kissed a man, Jim Crow Jesus rose again. [Bridge]. I like my woman in the kitchen. I teach my children superstitions. I keep my two guns on my blue nightstand. A pretty young thang, she can wash my clothes. But she'll never ever wear my pants. . [Pre-Chorus]. I pledge allegiance to the flag. Learned the words from my mom and dad. Cross my heart and I hope to die. With a big old piece of American pie. . [Chorus]. Love me, baby, love me for who I am. Fallen angels, singing "Clap your hands". Don't try to take my country, I will defend my land. I'm not crazy, baby, naw, I'm American. I'm American, I'm American, I'm American. . [Verse 2]. Seventy-nine cent to your dollar. All that bullshit from white-collars. You see my color before my vision. Sometimes I wonder if you were blind. Would it help you make a better decision?. You might also like[Pre-Chorus]. I pledge allegiance to the flag. Learned the words from my mom and dad. Cross my heart and I hope to die. With a big old piece of American pie. . [Chorus]. Just love me, baby, love me for who I am. Fallen angels, singing "Clap your hands". (Please sign your name on the dotted line). Don't try to take my country. I will defend my land. I'm not crazy, baby, naw, I'm American. I'm American, I'm American, I'm American. [Spoken Bridge]. Let me help you in here. Until women can get equal pay for equal work. This is not my America. Until same-gender loving people can be who they are. This is not my America. Until black people can come home from a police stop without being shot in the head. This is not my America, huh!. Until poor whites can get a shot at being successful. This is not my America. I can't hear nobody talkin' to me. [Chorus]. Just love me, baby, love me for who I am. Fallen angels, singing "Clap your hands". (Please sign your name on the dotted line). Don't try to take my country. I will defend my land. I'm not crazy, baby, naw. I'm American (Love me, baby). I'm American (Love me for who I am). (Fallen angels). . [Spoken Outro]. Until Latinos and Latinas don't have to run from walls. This is not my America. But I tell you today that the devil is a liar. Because it's gon' be my America before it's all over. Please sign your name on the dotted line7Embed