Bender, one of the best from Canada rapping. You got a gay name though fella, let's get it out the way: Alex Buchanan. I mean wow, one of my all time favorites it's a shame that you have to suffer. You coming off of battles at the Bunker to go against a man with hunger and talent structure. So you think he's the better me? Think FIFA 17. I've only just started the game and I'm about to be playing Alex hunter. Clown your part until you're outta Charlie, you think Al can pass me?. He better quarantine off his street, the Scot in me telling me he don't know what I got in my locker b I'm doing, al-Megrahi. You got very sick rhymes. I remember when you said "brains in the backseat like when John Kennedy died". So go back to that you loser 'cause Bender please. Bitch this is London, Tempa T shit. We'll make you get out ya'  car, quicker than Onassis moved rushed, from the Dallas shooter. So if this man's a shooter, then I'm Hernán Crespo mixed with Batistuta. Destroying ya' life, built up a poison inside like Alice Cooper. So you got two options fammo, go sober or death. I mean, 'cause you think 'cause I was a fan first I owe you respect? But homie you're next. I don't wanna get online and hear about no Bender bars going over ya' head. Not when I can just straight up bend a bar right over his head. So you couldn't get me out of here with DNA's slogan in a battle send. You couldn't get me out of here with help from Ant and Dec. In a room or on cam you're dead. I'll put your face through a bar so hard that it snaps ya' neck. Ram ya' head, till it leaves antler dents like Baphomet. Beat me, it's not '09, you got a better chance of hitting that lotto. Yeah we both known as writers like Chilla and Hollow. I mean I been drink at times, but at my age I guess I'm enjoying my youth. You're doing it 'cause your dreams have withered man, wallow. I'm sicker than, ipecac, you drown yourself in booze until you're hitting that bottle. Depression, regression, watch his ass sink, like an Instagram model. Stomp him to death, I'm a loony, tune into what I do next. He ain't got a Scooby Doo, not intercept. For future reference, I'm only here to take his mask off, reveal what's in the flesh. So get scrappy, put him to sleep like a dog in the vet. Ain't nothing funny, there'll be no comic effect. This is how Phrase reacts to possible threats. So you keep on acting animated, and a maniac's what he will get. I'ma smoke you in a round, like a Cherokee puff-piping. Reality shows you fake like Celebrity Love Island. Slave labor, I put in work doing dirt, like a Senegalese blood diamond. Casually fighting in the game, '70s club violence. So fuck it, cocaine lines of that white snow. One bump and his mind's blown. No change up in his flight mode. I am quick to dumb the fuck out 'cause I am cold. So bring ya' crew, you got Patience pussy, I don't. [Round 1: Bender]. Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I was told you got a yacht, way up the coast. So large and grandiose can't even dock it, it just floats. He's, got it in a cove in this, spot that's all enclosed. There's not even a road that isn't blocked as you approach. I mean you can wander down the slope, but that's as far as you could go. They say not even at low tide could you opt to get up close. I mean the water, where it's posted, is so impossibly remote. Basically I'm saying I gotta take this chopper to your boat. You a optimistic bloke tryna call yourself the goat. Now there's a T. Rex where you be at and it got you on a rope. Pardon me one moment, let me conference with the host. Next round I'm being the timekeeper, I wanted to clock him once he spoke. Francis I'm sorry if this is hurtful. But your bird look like Winston Churchill fucked a Ninja Turtle. She a'ight though, I know her type truly. She the prototype groupie with the overripe booty. All I had to say is "We can go inside cutie". And she sucked me in the telly, like the Poltergeist movie. I was gonna say, 'shooting skeet at the telly like Duck Hunt'. I drag a sharp blade 'cross your fiver. Boy you really wanna arms race with Oppenheimer?. I turn a dark space to a star-shaped wall of fire. You playing chicken with a Large Hadron Collider. Frankie Phraser, well that's a, fancy name for a candy raver. Danny walks you on a leash and makes you call him 'Daddy Danger'. Danny thank me later. I cancel ya' bloodline, Danny Rayburn. In fact, I turn to a motherfucking gladiator if I gotta hear you stretch another sentence out like bad behavior. So we can go punch for punch, until your melon gets foggy. Have you seeing double gangster, this is Reggie and Ronnie. So let's hear these bars about your penmanship. Composed of Soul's leftover shit for me he blessed you with. You might also like[Round 2: Frankie Phraser]. So, people abroad think that London's a decent place. But he's stuck here with me today. So it's nothing but punishment that he will face. He's gonna think he's fucking with Green Berets on a government secret base or come and just meet the Greys. You ain't my idol no more fam, man's a target. I'ma do you worse than Eurgh and Cruger and Bam and Ark did. So if this man's a artist, watch me make the Sistine Chapel garbage. If you was from where I'm from you'd be down road, selling your paintings outside a Camden market. West London pussy, I got a bigger pair of balls than Randy Marsh's. So how much of a Stan can he be, if he's battling Cartman?. I mean I can send you higher than Aladdin parking the magic carpet. Or what, higher than Callum Martin when he discovered what the magic plant is. So don't give me none of that Unan hype. That 'man has to live or man has to harvest or man are farming on cattle ranches'. Or you can literally get hit with a cal like Alan Partridge. I'm the GOAT, I'm just back to prove it. Anyone that thinks that this match is stupid must not realize, Michael Scofield shit, yeah Frank the blueprint. You say I memorize your lines, yeah that's some true shit. But the way you been choking fella, I mean one of us had to do it, let's have it right. So you on sniff or crack or both?. 'Cause he been sitting at his home, with nothing to give him actual hope. He shoulda been living in fear of me, fuck a conspiracy theorist team. We don't have to watch the Prison Planet show, to see this bitch called Alex jones. Stunted on him like 'Zim zimma' in a big Bimmer, batter up like a switch hitter. If you think I'm in ya' rearview it's only 'cause you don't get the big picture like a wing mirror. [Round 2: Bender]. When I heard he ghostwrites for legends, I was a skeptic, I hit him up anyhow. Said "It's Bender pal", got my checkbook out. "Just tell me how many pounds it's gon' take to write my second round?". He never got back to me.....Time!. While you were sniffing Adderall to write this. I was drinking ayahuasca, tweeting dick pics to ISIS. You my biggest fan, why would you wanna spar?. You know how a secret admirer works? Your name should not be on the card. I know I'm one to talk but you got flabby. Jolly and all happy, I mean God damn, you been looking like a Dothraki John Candy. Fucking Aquaman of Nottingham, you grew up underwater. You had a dolphin for a prom date, you could lose the tough persona. I checked your album, no I didn't, who the fuck would wanna?. We can all assume your music is a humid dumpster sauna. I mean good Lordy, Phraser. I will poison your teacup like Walter White did to Laura Fraser. You looking at God, the ordinator. They booked this as Foreman-Frazier, it's more McGregor versus Money May, shit I'm doing a cordial favor. I'm feeling like a, Norse invader that raided before the Normans came ashore you waging war, I'm taking yours, you better get that sorted player. I mean, stick a fork in him, he done, Cornish game bird, you're a wanker. Of course I came to, scorch your name, I'm playing a reporter's game. I coordinate your downfall like the Tory papers did to Corbyn's Labour. I don't care who you got in your corner pussy. If my money's short, they gon' have to ring you up my Jordan hoodie. I will pistol-whip your face to, Yorkshire pudding. So when I break the biscuit in half to get that paper it's not a fortune cookie. If I'm here in the ring, get ready to see these Sasquatch paws. Ah fuck it, I'm hearing the ring, I'm ready to eat, that's Pavlov's dog. . [Round 3: Frankie Phraser]. So you bound to jump, off a bridge 'cause ya' album sucks. These motherfuckers call me to ghostwrite as a compliment. 'Cause they hit me up 'cause I'm the guy who knows how to punch so you shit outta luck. 'Cause I been ghostwriting these whole rounds for months. So listen, different breed, Frank was born with it in his genes, man of war with the military. Take him out, hack his corpse at the guillotine, battle more than the Middle East. Watch me make my mind make things fly around the room and smash the floor into smithereens. This is meant to be me, standing tall as I live my dreams. But nah, I have an unnatural form of ability. And watch, as the cam records all that mystery like Paranormal Activity. Third round, you know I can hang with him, so save ya' breath. They say you're vets, but Phraser's next. I could be good luck or bad luck, so break a leg, or say 'Macbeth'. You from the land of Shania Twain songs. You only popping now 'cause I likes a Drake song. I'm here to take what's mine from this soon-to-be-retired stray dog. And once this round cracks him in the head, it's something he's gonna be tryna shake off like Michael J. Fox. You ain't got no one else in your crosshairs, Frank's your only target. So you musta thought about this, you been sat at home in darkness. Nah bullshit, he's gonna be, acting as though he's past this. Trick-tricking the crowd, on some Calicoe and Ars shit. Grumpy old man needs to pay the kid, why is that? 'Cause Al a moany bastard. I don't follow the timeline or the guidelines so just think. If I'm out of this world I guess that's why I'm so legit. Notice this, different space and time I'm noticed in. My mind's eye focused it like a wormhole's bright light opening, that's the Einstein-Rosen bridge. These dead celebrities are never getting up. You ain't a celebrity anyway, you a ten-a-penny chump. I'm the best there ever was like Bret in wrestling trunks. And I'ma fucking die a legend like the 27 Club. Watch me take shots with a bottle in my hand, I'ma take this guy out. Fatal I'll scalp this Mayall right now, I'ma break his mind down. I'ma wake up from this Bender with no hangover like "Shit, that was a crazy night out". And you won't wake up from this Bender like Amy Winehouse. You put the 'Al' in alcoholic mate, dude is proper. Fuck from the source, he could use a doctor. King of the Dot boy, never been on Smack, but you are in recovery, so who's ya' sponsor? Fucking let's get it Exclusiv Vodka?. Bender, I am not your lesser, I am your successor. So with that being said, what I've written's not to mess with fam, it's gotten very graphic. Novels ever-classic like what's in Terry Pratchett, yeah I got some scary tactics. Shit's gonna get to flashing, on some Men in Black shit. Walking dead, wanting flesh, this zombie gets to spazzing. On this geriatric, nothing but dread, when I throw shade in the field, you'd think you watching Edgar Davids. So think Johnny Depp was acting, we know Donnie gets to ratting. Box of death, hoverlift, Johnny Hendrix scrapping. This is vodka [?] the fabric, heartbreaker, like Thomas Petty jamming so come rock with Lenny Kravitz. You don't want a wrestling match, this the Rock to Perry Saturn. This is, comic legend madness, Eddie Brock, mixed with Brock and Eddie's classics, so keep [?] Bender that's it. Take him to a forest deaded that quick with your body rotten, left with maggots in a swamp, and then abandoned like I'm Donald Henry Gaskins. I can do what you do. Stacking bodies, man'll murder him, '99 shit. I'm only here to leave skulls in the field like Alex Ferguson. . [Round 3: Bender]. You know what rhymes with, wisely spent cash?. See me I'd go with, a high-speed jet pack. Frank was leaning more towards a, Chinese neck tat. Why'd he get that?. Can you read Cantonese even? You just blindly picked that?. Is that Combo Five with an egg roll and an iced tea? Yes lad!. Salute to the general, I respect that. So now that your prospects for Lloyds in London are null and voided. You could sit around the house like the Bubble Boy collecting unemployment. You can bet his mum's annoyed with him, what's so fucking poignant. Is he still looks like a mug from Croydon on a break from scrubbing toilets. My mark in rap, that's hard to pass, like a Harvard class. You barking back, get your face in your chest, artist pass. Beat him up? I should beam 'em up like a Martian craft. I'm mean as fuck, you could wrap it up, it's a party hat. Bars are stacked on the bard in fact got bars for that like armored bands that guard the back where the guards are at. Get, Marvin Nash let's carve and gash with a shard of glass. I, start to laugh at the, marker tags on your starter cap. Might, catch a charge cardiac paddles for, heart attacks. I make him, hard to gas like a car you crashed with a carbon tax. Sergeant packing arms, the lad gotta move, that's a army brat. Shouts to Hindu Kush, this is karma back for the Charter Act. Shark attack and you ain't got no arms to splash. The boy flipped when the coin did, that's Harvey with the Arkham Bat. I got seven words, like the Carlin act: I just toasted Frank's spirit, cheers, Armagnac. You not stressing the king, what you finna come up?. Oh you got next in a league that won't exist in a month?. Seriously when's the last time y'all seen some growth? How'd y'all sink so low?. Don't Flop went from the seed you sowed, to a scene exploding every single show, remember seeing Soul?. But now the glass ceiling's closed and sealed for those that break their back while others scheme for dough, the whole scene's been sold. It's GrindTime all over, and I'm gon' need to see them go, let me speak this slow. Don't take a secret code, in the streets to know. Y'all should besiege the throne, make that seat your own. I say go seize control off of these CEOs. I was thinking you were the only one that could end Cruger's reign of terror. That was back when you had the, facial hair of Che Guevara not Dave Navarro. I'm on some Mr. Universe shit, well I should probably get this clear. I haven't worked out in a while but this the body of the yearEmbed