Born and raised where the faces are pasty. In a place where your race is the best cheek. Got his first taste believin’ it greatly. But was laced out the gate with the best lead. Daddy Fred, put hella millions on his head start. After getting pinched at a klan march. Just the average, pro white, simpleton. Fuckboy birthright made out of privilege. Baby man hand bitch. Baby man hands with the grift. Baby man hands with the ban on the muslim. Baby man hands takin’ parents from kids. Come again, come again, come again (What?). Banged on the dems and republicans (What?). Blame it on the TV president (Huh..). Fame got the little man lustin’ for some…. Make America great. But when was America great?. When was America safe?. Especially if your face is a different shade. Man fuck what they sayin’, look. [Hook]. Baby man hands, baby man hands. Baby man hands, baby man hands. Baby man hands, baby man hands. Baby man hands, baby man ha-. . [Verse 2: Paris]. How that coal workin’ out for ya. How that farmin’ you know workin’ out for ya. How them terrorists feel makin’ real terrorist. Blue eyed school shootin’ white boys havin’ fits. More government bailouts. For the people who say get the hell out. For the people who claim they’ve had it. But meet the new welfare queen heroin addicts. Skin thin as a motherfucker. Still horny for Stormy but can’t cuff her. Still cuffed by Vladimir that is clear. Still got eyes for his daughter but can’t fuck her (Eeeeeewwww!!!!). Call Trump University. Cause this fake shit brings out the worst in me. Fake news, fake views, fake telecasts. Fed to the fake by the fake full of fake facts. Fuck y’all with Kellyanne’s dick. And start picking truth over fake shit. Start realizing you made this dimwit, racist, rapist, president. Come again with a true story. Grab ‘em by the pussy and go for it. Grab ‘em by the Fox News cast whore. Do what you want, there will be no arrest warrant. Cause he here for the take. With hotels, vodka and steaks. Suckin’ off the EPA. While the whole planet get fried. Realize that it’s fine people on both sides. And I’m fresh out of tears. Fresh out of fucks I could give. Fresh out of love long as police shootin’ at kids. Fresh out, get the fuck out of here, baby man hands. You might also like[Hook]. Baby man hands, baby man hands (Uh huh). Baby man hands, baby man hands (Okay). Baby man hands, baby man hands (That’s right). Baby man hands, baby man hands (Uh huh). Baby man hands, baby man hands (There he go). Baby man hands, baby man hands (Wipe his nose). Baby man hands, baby man hands (Ha ha). Baby man hands, baby man hands. . [Verse 3: Paris]. One little, two little, three little L’s. Tell us his mental capacity failed. Tell us he’s mental and gone off the rails. Maybe you’ll call Kavanaugh for some help. Bone spurs, deferred. Still talks tough but ain’t served. Still struck a nerve when the word got out about crowd size. So he brought up Hillary and Barack’s lies. Can’t fuck with the DUMB. We stuck with the DUMB. No luck with the DUMB. Can’t understand why they still can’t get a raise. Hard knock life when the stock price still raised. But America’s great. For some it ain’t up for debate. And some eat lobster and steak. And some just pray. And some can’t wait for the changeEmbed