Y'all ain't fuckin' with me. Term K plundering another city. Then I'm finna hit the Comfort Inn to puff the sticky. Cut the bliggy while we bump some Biggie. Mother's milk got me suckin' titties tryna cut a deal. It's such a pity. Yo what's your gimmick?. Take one. Camera whores and fake thugs plunge through open trap doors. Going back and forth on some ping pong shit. These sing-song twinks need to get off of Drake's nuts. Cast ashore in a ball of confusion. Given the temptations. Sit in your rent's basement and get wasted. It's all an illusion. Twisting the hemp papers. Sparking like Ben Franklin. Hardly a sensation. Gave yourself to God cause the Devil was far too warm. There ain't a lot of honor in settling out of court. But if need be, we get creative. Hit the scene and deregulate it. Legislative when I put the pen to paper. Bad news for the Glass Steagall. The game changer. Stay making bad music for bad people. I walk right in the inimitable style. If y'all been talking shit well then you swimmin' in it now. Sit down we ain't finished by a mile. A grimacing clown with a sad face. The child with his hand raised. The mouse in the rat race. No joke. A fast paced slowpoke. The dome holds the crown for the last place. [Verse 2: Acumental]. The way I stack chips they be calling Ac Biff with the almanac. Talking that shit bound to give kids a heart attack. The gab gifted cap twisting cat gets mad lifted. Turning hieroglyphs into artifacts. Making dollars like Eric and Parrish. I'm all American. Compare me to a werewolf in Paris. Or London. Repugnant pundit puff pungent nug until his lungs need a pump to function. Uh, sip Bourbon. Superb with the lip service. A jerk perched on the curb with a lit turkish. Spit sermons, flip work, and gyp merchants. Losing my grip like kicks on a slick surface. Sick verses. Turn kids a bit nervous. I'm Tim Burton. Submerged tryna lift burdens. Term and Ac are like a circus act, three rings. Hurtin' cats' feelings at the burger shack, beefing. Believe me. I'm laced too tight. Need to loosen a knot. Palmer Squares be the lucrative squad. Refusing to stop producing as they cruise to the top, we. Know the televised revolution will not, be. So don't play witcha mans. I write salient raps. Till there's overwhelming pain in my hands. Pack a champion sound. Gallivanting about ya town. Vapid ass clowns gettin' smacked in the mouth. I'm outYou might also likeEmbed