Government of the people. For the people. By the people. . [Intro: Reporter]. Earlier today in Broward County, appellate court. Judges upheld the previous ruling to ban the sale of Miami rap group the 2 Live Crew's double-platinum album, "Nasty As They Wanna Be," in Broward County. . [Intro: Lawyer]. We think it's the banning of free speech. First Amendment protects material, presumptively. [Intro: Luke]. We don't talk about, uh, harassing and sexually brutalizing women in my music, man!. We don't do that in my music, man! I'm tired of you saying that!. . [Verse 1: Fresh Kid Ice]. We've got white-collar people trying to grab our style. Saying we're too nasty and we're 2 Live. Corrupted politicians playing games. Bringing us down to boost their fame. They must be joking thinking we will fall. But they're like flies movin' the wall. We stand tall from beginning to end. With the help from fans and all our friends. Freedom of speech will never die. For us to help, our ancestors died. Don't keep thinking that we will quit. We'll always stand and never sit. We're 2 Live, 2 black, 2 strong. Doing the right thing, and not the wrong. So listen up, y'all, to what we say. We won't be banned in the U-S-A!. . [Chorus]. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. You might also like[Interlude: Various Samples]. Luke's concerts are for adults. If it's an adult show you have to be 18. Our record is a year old, but with all the publicity. There's a lot of people- curiosity is aroused!. We're selling records to a totally different audience. I take a precaution that nobody else has. I stickered my album. I made two versions- two versions- two versions. . [Verse 2: Brother Marquis]. The First Amendment gave us freedom of speech. So what you sayin'? It didn't include me?. I like to party and have a good time. There's nothin' but pleasure written in our rhyme. I know you don't think we'll ever quit. We've got some people on our side who won't take your lip. We're gonna do all the things we wanna do. You can't stand to see a brother get as rich as you. This is the 90s and we're comin' on strong. Sayin' things and doin' things that you're sayin's wrong. Wisen up, cause on Election Day. We'll see who's banned in the U-S-A!. . [Chorus]. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. Banned in the U-S-A I was. [Interlude: Various Samples]. [The United States of America]. [Government of the people]. [The United States of America]. [For the people]. [The United States of America]. [By the people]. [By the people]. The show in Hollywood, that was for 21-and-over people. They had police out there. Cardin' the people coming in the club. And they still arrested us for performing in front of adults!. . [Interlude: Luke]. What is this? Is this not America?. This is not China! This is not Russia!. This is not the place where they brought down the wall. This is America!. We have the right to say what we want to say. We have the right to do what we want to do. And what I do in my house, you might not do in your house. So what I do in my house is my business. And the simple fact of it all is that we are bonded by the First Amendment!. We have the freedom of expression!. We have the freedom of choice!. And you, Chinese, black, green, purple, Jew. You have the right to listen to whoever you want to. And even the 2 Live Crew!. So all you right-wingers, left-wingers. Bigots, Communists, there IS a place for you in this world!. Because this is the land of the free, the home of the brave. And 2 Live is what we are!Embed