Mmm. This particular song right here is. Dedicated to the Black woman. And it doesn't pertain to all Black women. Some of y'all disrespect y'all selves 'cause you don't know who you are in the first place. This is out of common respect for all women, period. Word up. Like this song. Yo. [Verse 1: Cee-Lo]. I'm quite single. And occasionally, I mingle. But aside from all the rest. She sparks my interest. No, ma'am, I don't know you. Just offering the common respect I feel I owe you. Also some conversation, companionship, common ground, and common sense. There's no such thing as coincidence. In me finding you here. And I really hate screaming in your ear. So some other time, okay?. I waited a day, hello?. This is Carlito from a couple of days ago, you sound tired. Forgive me if I've called you too late. But what better time to relate mind-state?. Where could I begin?. Has anyone ever told you you got beautiful skin?. You're more than welcome, what do you desire within?. I just wanna be, there's no need to put titles on you and me. Those are limitations, living and learning are our only obligations. Equality, honesty, independence, intelligence, emotion, and devotion. Humbly seeking to hear God when he's speaking. At one time, my mind just couldn't conceive. A woman had to dress a certain way to believe. But in the same breath, allow me to say. That if you believed, young lady, you wouldn't dress that way. And I was attracted to your class, I couldn't see all your ass. And I was very content and you deserved every complement. Now, remember our indifferences make us the same, you gotta have some game. Or you ain't even gon' be able to take care of yourself, uh. And, love, when I look at you, I see my reflection. So I offer my love, affection, and protection. Shorty, you dead fine, but the bottom line is. You still my sister. You might also like[Chorus: Cee-Lo]. Well, I say, you're my beginning, my end. You're my sister, lover, and friend. God is your light from within. It shines through your beautiful skin. What they say 'bout you ain't true. There's no me if there is no you. I hope that you understand. You got to respect yourself before I can. . [Verse 2: Big Gipp]. Yeah, I met you and y'all knew, saw you again on Marietta. Downtown Atlanta, checking your long legs, got me smirking. Fixed me dinner one night, candles lit. Kind of thought you was slick in the beginning. But it turned out you wouldn't lie. Looked me in my eye, I listened. Sucked it up, pushed on, we made amends. Both sides clicked, true friends. Since then, years done gone by. Brought a baby girl into this world, made our parents grandfolks. Household with no pork. Took care of ye, you, me. When shit got put out on the curb. Closer than the skin on the back of my hand. Through the thick and thin, we can win, beautiful Black skin, yeah. [Chorus: Cee-Lo]. Well, I say, you're my beginning, my end. You're my sister, lover, and friend. God is your light from within. It shines through your beautiful skin. What they say 'bout you ain't true. There's no me if there is no you. I hope that you understand. You got to respect yourself before I can. . [Verse 3: Khujo]. No need to compete. With the music loud. Or stares cold. But on a scale of one to ten, you a twelve. I chose her over jail and hell. Originally from ATL. . [Verse 4: T-Mo]. Compatible souls come together under bad weather. To discuss distrust amongst the so-called good in every woman. How I wish this was true, I deal with facts only. Already done cloned me, why I sang the blues. With there's only one God that watches over our every step. I need his help. When I'm walkin', lookin for the right female. I can't tell sometimes. They tell me the devil's comin' humble in his approach. Spontaneous with the game. He caught the naïve of a girl fallin' for the okay. Let the pistol smoke the one who live by, die by. Example of how relationships can be. . [Verse 5: Khujo]. I rolls the dice, takin' a chance at crappin' out. Like today, boy, I lost one of my best hips. Natural thick lips, no animal fat implants. Wide load, just started workin' at the airport. Nineteen years old, worth more her weight in gold. But it was all my fault, so don't cry, I will stand. If down the line I want you back and the feelin' ain't mutual, just promise me you'll find a human. That's 'bout some business. Hope she find what her was lookin' for, like a dream to my end. I wanted to be more than friends, beautiful Black skin. . [Chorus: Cee-Lo]. Well, I say, you're my beginning, my end. You're my sister, lover, and friend. God is your light from within. It shines through your beautiful skin. What they say 'bout you ain't true. There's no me if there is no you. I hope that you understand. You got to respect yourself before I can. Well, I say, you're my beginning, my end. You're my sister, lover, and friend. God is your light from within. It shines through your beautiful skin. What they say 'bout you ain't true. There's no me if there is no you. I hope that you understand. You got to respect yourself before I can. . [Outro]. Yo, this a public announcement. Man, I'm so sick of seein' trash on the damn street, man. I'm sick of y'all folk comin' up out of the store, takin' your lil' candy out, throwin' the lil' paper on the ground, man, it's fuckin' up the hood. Also, man, I'm sick of y'all folks standin' around. You know, when you're talkin' to your folk or somethin', y'all drinkin' on a lil' somethin'-somethin'. You take it, you pour it out to your dead homies, but then you throw the bitch right at 'em. Man, don't shut me up, home, I'm doing what I do. I'm just sick of seeing that. All around the nation, man. We fuckin' up our own hood4Embed