I know I will. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. . [Verse 1]. 9 Years old, my momma and daddy already divorced years ago. Now it's just me her and joe. Joe is her boyfriend that wishes mom was a different race. Cuz with his fist he put red all over her face. Beat the breaks off her. I say something he'd beat me too. I said a lot he beat me often. Took his fist and punched me dead in the jaw. He told me to tell my teachers I'm clumsy and I often fall. One day I had enough and I called 911. I could have went from 9 to eleven by the time the police would come. They rang the bell of this living hell. My momma ran to the door BEFORE i could myself. And what I saw would forever create a scar. Momma bruised and scared told him that nothing was wrong. And it would be from then on I went to the streets got me a peace and earned some RESPECT c'mon. [Chorus]. I know I will. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. . [Verse 2]. I took on everything in my life head on. Even if it's fights. My fuse was easy to light. And I was literally a stick of dynamite. My good times was nights of bloody faces from victims. I beat from not not looking at me right walking the streets the flashing lights. They got me. Drugs in the car and an unregistered gun on my body. Back to the prison it's a party. I got more friends there than out here sad. Hardly. But it's been years if recidivism. What used to be black and white has become a full color prism. And now I got a daughter and she needs my wisdom. I had become the same Joe that made my own home a prison. There's a half way house I wanna enlist in. I've been sober I did a lot of emotional heavy lifting. But I know i have a gift and a heavenly mission. So I'ma get a new life by living life totally different. This is a mean world to try to live in. Glory glory glory hallelujah. I will become a true inshallah. East African name for father is baba. I will not be an average Joe. No not by far. I named my beautiful baby daughter Baha. That's Arabic for splendid glory. I tell her, we all can make our own end to our story. Our intro is just our entrance it's chapter one. And we can make a clean cut like when an actors done. Forward ever run. You might also like[Chorus]. I know I will. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. . I know I will. Become the best I can. Become the best I can. Become the best I canEmbed