As we pray I'm here with my rol-dawg and I'm here with my shorty, we gonna go out and do what the fuck we feel as We Deliver upon this- this world and we bow our heads to our freedom and do what we will amen. . [Verse]. I'm clocking running punting, no stopping. I'm gonna come they screaming he shoot me. Son of guns marked' veli. Once again driven in my Lincoln no celly. They don't want to know what I'm thinking. Come on! you muthafucka's ready. Will the feds you worried. Come back to piss on my corps. Cause they glad I'm dead. And killing they source was my bread. Oh moma have you read. My books yet. I told the story to the ones who are quite and boring. Now they scoring. To live like a gun' so I be back tatted busting my lyrics like they Glocks. I'm furious, nerves tick and delirious. Searching for my homies. And a girl to get serious. Sipping beer and wine. Yelling fuck a swine and jail time. I'm worse. Cause I actually give a fuck about mine. Alone in my own mind so we deliver. Alone in my own mind so we deliver. This thing called fear, this thing called fear (you can't tell me). [Course]. You can't tell me we don't care. When a homie pass we gonna light one in the air. When the day pass hear us busting no fear. When light flashes ain't no witnesses no ones aware. Now they terrified and petrified, look we live here. Can't denied won't hide we deliver fear. Can't denied won't lie we deliver fear. Can't denied won't hide we deliver fear. . [Verse 2]. Don't fuck with my bitch she'll pull out on you quick. Don't fuck with my rol-dawg he'll have your head on a stick. Don't fuck with me I'll impregnated your bitch have you raise the muthafucka just for him to grow up and kill you shit. You dealing with some cut edge muthafuckas and whitey white privilege don't mean shit to us. Word to them undercover's, they gonna hate if I make it.. so here. I am collecting my richest staying clear of petty bitches. Sorry for the switch up. But a rol-dawg feeling leery. Twisted between helping and killing you muthafuckas cause you stupid. And I'm rooted. Realizing the only people that wanna kick it with me just wanna do some stupid shit. And best believe if I breach I'm gonna fucking lose it on you. You shouldn't turned your back on the good guy' we ride, foes die, not I lie. You too shy to rol we reside with the best. Can I be down if you ask don't guess. You know what you gotta do. I don't hang with no busta's fool. Go-head give them sucka's something whores then blues. You can chose get beat the fuck up die or snatch up tell me whats up we given you sucka's something to remember. Coming like the delivery boys watch the sneak up. Kiss life later pain, despair, misery. Even the bitch in me scare of me. Trust me you gotta believe me we deliver fear. You might also like[Course]. . You can't tell me we don't care. When a homie pass we gonna light one in the air. When the day pass hear us busting no fear. When light flashes ain't no witnesses no ones aware. Now they terrified and petrified, look we live here. Can't denied won't hide we deliver fear. Can't denied won't lie we deliver fear. Can't denied won't hide we deliver fear. . © 2020 Trey Perrie Smith / ℗ 2020 Tech GEmbed