Black. Black, black, black (Huh). Black on black, black. Yeah, hey, okay. . [Chorus: Buddy]. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' that black on black, it's black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' all black, everything is black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. [Verse 1: Buddy]. Ayy (Ayy), black out the coupe. Hop out the roof when I run into you. Thoughts black as the dark side of the moon. Won't be no truce, won't be no truce. At your funeral in an all-black suit. Couple white girls rocking all-black too. Million Man March in the all-black boots. Call up the troops, call up the troops. Punch you in the mouth, they'll knock out your tooth. I can tell when they not tellin' the truth. Talkin' that shit, nigga, what you gon' do?. What you gon' do? What you gon' do?. Back and I'm black and I'm actin' brand new. Niggas in the back like, "Oh, word". Diamonds all black like fuck what you heard. Fuck what you heard, fuck what you heard. Spillin' some Hennessy Black on the curb. Just for the memory of the deceased. When I black out, I awaken the beast. What it's gon' be? What it's gon' be?. You don't wan' fuck with a nigga like me. Bet you never seen a motherfucker so black. Nigga, I'm black on black on black on black on black. . [Chorus: Buddy]. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' that black on black, it's black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' all black, everything is black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. You might also like[Verse 2: A$AP Ferg]. This kid black, Timbs black, kill tracks like I'm six black (Black ass nigga). Hair blacker than black, lips black, even my dick black. Grandad Irish, Trinidad, guess I am half (Black ass nigga). I gotta go to Ancestry.com, I think I'm 'bout to black. All the police ain't about the black. He still a pig even though he black. Willie got a lynch, head in that. If you black you dead in that. Strange fruit hang from a tree. On the leaves is red and that. Do it right like a Garveyite. Africa, I'm heading back. Niggas in the street, black on black. Kill him with the heat (Bah, bah, bah, bah). Cut off his feet (Put him in the shackles). Mansa Musa been had the cash. Mix blacks to dilute blacks. Don't want blacks to produce blacks. Take black and they boot that. Orange is the new black. . [Chorus: Buddy]. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' that black on black, it's black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' all black, everything is black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. [Verse 3: Buddy]. I feel like Trayvon with this black hoodie on. Huey P. Newton, Black revolution. I'm with a Nubian Queen and some illegal aliens. I got a black fist balled up and it ain't just me, it's all us. Four hundred years of oppression. I'm about to get me that black Tesla. Black skid marks on the pavement. Cops wanna see me in a black cage. Black on black on black. Master Juba with the tap dance. Gucci with the Dapper Dan. Tell 'em kiss my black ass. Ridin' on the dyno with black mags. Just another black man tryin' stay up out the casket. Yeah, black don't crack. Matter fact, where the fuck our forty acres at?. We black on black on black on black on black. . [Chorus: Buddy]. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' that black on black, it's black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. Black, black, black, black on black. Black, my thoughts so black. Black, black, I'm black. My skin is so black, I'm rockin' all black, everything is black. Black rims on these black wheels, in this black whip. With this black bitch, I'm so black on black on black on black on. . [Outro: Buddy]. Black. Black, black, black. Black on black, black. Yeah7Embed