. Mos Def addressed this binary construct within hip hop as well as black music roots and their appropriation within his lyrics. From the offset, on “Fear Not Of Man”, Mos Def discusses hip hop in a metaphorical sense. . People talk about Hip-Hop like it's some giant livin’ in the hillside. Comin’ down to visit the townspeople. We are Hip-Hop. Me, you, everybody, we are Hip-Hop. So Hip-Hop is goin’ where we goin’. So the next time you ask yourself where Hip-Hop is goin’. Ask yourself… where am I goin’? How am I doin’?. Hip hop, in his eyes, isn’t a metaphorical giant but instead a way of life and being and in talks of cultural corruption of the genre, he asks people to ask themselves what they are doing to change it. The track also samples Fela Kuti, an African musician who was also a member of the Black Panthers. On tracks like “Hip Hop”, he raps about his writing process, from a place of “restlessness” saying “it’s hard to really chill and sit still” (Mos Def, 1999). As the song goes on, he later expresses relief at the ability to articulate himself in a more comfortable setting, from speaking “the king’s English” to “now my chat just like dis” (Mos Def, 1999). This exhibits the contrast of what is perceived within the black music community as the “white voice” and the “black voice”. On “Rock N Roll”, Mos Def questions the true “ownership” of genres derived from rock ‘n’ roll. . I said, Elvis Presley ain't got no soul (huh). Chuck Berry is rock and roll (damn right). You may dig on the Rolling Stones. But they ain't come up with that style on they own (uh-uh). . Here, he acknowledges the appropriation of black music by Elvis Presley (an artist who had been the subject of an attack by Public Enemy in the lyrics “Elvis was a hero to most/But he never meant shit to me you see/Straight up racist that sucker was/Simple and plain” ten years previously) (Public Enemy, 1989) and instead attributed rock ‘n’ roll to Chuck Berry. He also infers that the Rolling Stone’s sound wasn’t originalYou might also likeEmbed