Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Yeah. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. [Verse]. I know that black is beautiful, but can they see it?. I know that black is powerful, but can they feel it?. Done talkin', now we're past reason. There's only more glass behind all these glass ceilings, uh. Do you know how hard it is for us to trust. When you get strip-searched just for runnin' for the bus?. And you're only thirteen, you don't tell nobody else. No, you just blame yourself. Then you see 'em tearin' down your history in the media. That you don't learn in school, you gotta learn on Wikipedia. They tell you you're a menace 'til you think that you ain't good enough. All because you got your hoodie up, man. There'll be some trouble you get in just for the colour of your skin. But don't forget to look after your brothers 'cause they're kings. Don't forget to look after your sisters 'cause they're queens. Do not let them kill our dreams, man. If you're killin' us with violence, why should we be killin' you with kindness?. I've done some bad things but I don't glorify 'em. You might have bought my ancestors but you ain't bought my silence. I'm Malcolm for the outcome, I can't let nobody doubt it. That's why we can't just say we're black and proud, we gotta shout it. They don't wanna let us through to the top. I'd go back to where I came from if I knew where that was. They're killin' people in the States. There's people gettin' killed on our estate. Feds say that they gotta put in our place. But look at Grenfell, they can't even put 'em in a place, man. Fuck a petition when you're a man on a mission. This ain't 12 Years a Slave, it's twenty-six years a victim. I'll give you respect when you give us the time of day. Just an angry black man tryna find a way. You might also like[Chorus]. Everywhere I go. I'm looking for myself. And every day I pray. You keep all my family well, mmm. And everywhere I go. I'm looking for myself. And every day I pray. You keep all my family well. . [Outro]. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter. Black lives matter1Embed