Black lungs off that black magic. Unsung lay in black caskets. Ain't no black nuns, we got black pastors. Earn funds off the black masses. We got black habits (Ayy, slow down, nigga, let's get up, bro). We got black habits (You already know where I'm at, over here, bro). (Nigga, why you always hangin' around and ain't got nothin', bro?). (Come through, my nigga, stop talkin' 'bout it). Black drum, rhythm, black savage. Black labor on the black Sabbath. Their great is the black average. Imitatin' all our black talents, we got black habits. We got black habits. Listen. [Verse 1]. The flow that bounce, I'm the black rabbit. Boy, spit that flavor for their black palate. Provide dope shit for the black addicts. One step above in the black attic. Best of love to the black parents. That fight for the plight, singin' black ballads. Pants hang low, we be black saggin'. While our baby mamas steady black naggin'. Bring a bag to the hood, black braggin'. 'Til the word spread, niggas get the black jacket. Twenty-one, young, and they black packin'. War paint from their face on the black napkin. Final rites from the black chaplain. Still press in lines like what's black happenin'?. Run these streets with a black passion. Gotta grind 'til I wake up in a black mansion. . [Chorus]. Black lungs off that black magic. Unsung lay in black caskets. Ain't no black nuns, we got black pastors. Earn funds off the black masses. We got black habits. (Why didn't you give me that for the low then, my nigga?). We got black habits. (I already told you, my nigga, chill). Listen, black drum, rhythm, black savage. Black labor on the black Sabbath. Their great is the black average. Imitatin' all our black talents. We got black habits. We got black habits (Uh, listen). You might also like[Verse 2]. Cinnamon color citizens get the bitter end. Of the stick every damn time, uh. Plenty young in the penitentiary. Fillin' up and they didn't do the damn crime, uh. Simeon didn't let it cease when he fired. He took the straw that hit a land mine, uh. Had everything money can't buy, uh. Stuck in the box like a pantomime, uh. Give me one, let me hit the blunt, get my dick up. And she gon' hop on it and slide, uh. Anytime a nigga feelin' down, need a pickup. She put her mouth on it, hands high, uh. Thank you, Lord, for this liquor that she pourin' on me. Feelin' blessed on the Westside. Got a bad one up in my sheets. And a twelve-gauge on my bedside, uh. . [Chorus]. I'm from the dirt like a black radish. Homegrown like some black cabbage. Goin' home, need that black fabric. Gon' lay my head on this black mattress. We got black habits. We got black habits, yeah. Sippin' wine out the black chalice. They get in line for this black phallus. Haters mad, they got black malice. 'Cause I'm bound to retreat in the black palace. We got black habits. We got black habits. [Verse 3]. Uh, run this ball a hundred yards. When I say ain't no fun involved. I ain't bring you to this team to be Dr. King. Take a knee and on me, you won't run at all. At the press conference, you better high step and smile. I expect you to be grateful. And the next time you don't wanna answer a question. You better figure out somethin' to say, fool. 'Cause who you think paid for that suit you wearin'?. Or that new McLaren?. Or the car that your grandma drive?. Ain't you used to sharin'?. You could go back to not havin' a dime. Pullin' up at the club and get in back of the line. Couldn't tell you enough how easy to be replaced. You should face the facts, another you in no time, it's showtime. If I may, that being said, I must say. You got me fucked up in the worst way. I been investin' my checks since the first pay. So fuck this job, and fuck you too, motherfuck that car. And if you only knew you could be touched, you would watch your mouth. You need to sit your fat ass down. I guess you figured I was just another nigga with no options. Homie, you so toxic. I ain't tryna be a token up on the soapbox. But even when I do the speed limit, it's roadblocks. So lose my contact, and I'ma lose your contract. It's your loss, you're gon' lose beyond that. And you gon' lose your mind when you find out. The time is up for bein' blind, motherfucker. . [Chorus]. We got black sons runnin' black canvas. J. Edgar Hoover killed the Black Panthers. Our black lives are a black challenge. They just leave us hangin' in the black balance. We got black habits. We got black habits, uh. Black drum, rhythm, black savage. Black labor on the black Sabbath. Their great is the black average. Imitatin' all our black talents. We got black habits. We got black habits1Embed