. Honorable Mentions: Mix It, FACTS & Wonderful. 100. Best Friend by Yelawolf (feat. Eminem). When Yelawolf “surprised” us with an all country album, this was the only good result. Yela does a great job singing his two verses, and the hard hitting, more alternative hook makes for a great song. Then Eminem rips through with a long, lyrically incredible verse filled with hard hitting lines. Eminem and Yela make a great duo, and this song proves it. And he'll be waiting at the gate when you get sprayed up. Sending you hoes straight up to deal with my (best friend)99. DEATHCAMP by Tyler, the Creator98. Lil' Piggies by Joell Ortiz & !llmind97. Zipporah by Goldlink. Goldlink works his magic on this deep, thoughtful track. He ponders racism, government and his relationships. But he doesn't get all soft though, he still stays in character and says "Fuck the world" still. Great song. . 96. Institutionalized by Kendrick Lamar (feat. Balil, Anna Wise & Snoop Dogg)95. Angels by Chance The Rapper94. In Da Club by Leather Corduroys. A futuristic experimental party anthem, maybe even better than the original, where Joey and Kami rock the Kanye flow and make you want to get up and dance. 93. Miracle by Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment92. Hood Politics by Kendrick Lamar91. Norf Norf by Vince Staples. #NORFSIDELONGBEACH. One of the best bangers from Vince's album, he returns with a loud, aggressive attack on the ghetto, police, society and apparently: everyone. . 90. Alcoholics by Skizzy Mars89. Chicken Talk by Leather Corduroys. One of the hardest songs from Season, Joey and Kami both lay down their hardest verses yet. They talk gritty "chicken talk", filled with double entendres and wordplay. Or should I say: "birdplay". Bird talk good grammar time. Catch him with that slamma now its slamma time. Cock it back and bang now its hammer time88. Born To Shine by Big Grams (feat. Run The Jewels)87. M.P.A by Pusha T (feat. Kanye West, J. Cole & A$AP Rocky86. Buzz Aldrin by Sahtyre. Another LSD inspired, trippy all out lyrical battle rap from the king of battle-rap himself. Sahtyre brings his A-game and completely wrecks the instrumental. . When you see me, I'll be buzzed like Aldrin!85. Motion Picture by Omen84. Ray Gun by Ghostface Killah & BADBADNOTGOOD (feat. MF DOOM)83. M’$ by A$AP Rocky (feat. Lil Wayne). This song brings Wayne's best verse since A Milli, with a flow and delivery unrivaled. His lyricism is top par, and his electronic, auto-tunes vocals bring something new. Oh, and did I mention Rocky also spits a great verse?. . 82. Be Lazy by Skizzy Mars. Bringing "Netflix and Chill" to the rap scene, Skizzy once again shares his stoner love story with us. He shows growth in his rapping, and this song is good for endless listens. Follow him as he pops percs, smokes some joints, has sex and gets some girls for his dad. Skizzy once again comes from the underground with a great track. . 81. King Pt. 4 by Big K.R.I.T.80. Woke Up Dead by MURS79. War by King Los. Los brings a deep, thought provoking track, and uses the theme of war to detail life in the ghetto. . 78. Zen Scientist by Milo77. Nelly by Isaiah Rashad76. Feel It by Jay Prince. Another feel good song from Jay Prince, he brings back some more funk and shows off his lyrical side. But don't worry, Jay still brings nothing but meaningful, deep lyrics about his childhood, hood mothers and trying to make it out of the hood. . 75. Know Yourself by Drake74. No More Control by MURS. An educated #AllLivesMatter song from underappreciated artist MURS, and with a great hook from MNDR, his message comes through loud and proud. But he keeps his lyrical wits about him, and the song is enlightening for anyone. We got to start to take a look in the mirror. If we don’t respect ourselves then they always gone fear us. If black lives matter then black lives matter. And the color of the killer shouldn’t even be a factor73. On the Bible by Tech N9ne (feat. T.I. & Zuse)Have you ever seen a MAC-11?. New TEC-9 with the extension. HK, AK-47. Mayday, man down, call the reverend. I put that on the bible boy, count your blessings72. Ps & Qs by Mick Jenkins71. SMUCKER'S by Tyler, The Creator (feat. Kanye West & Lil Wayne). An unlikely group of rappers, Tyler brings together Kanye West and Lil Wayne for great features. Each artist brings their own great verse, and we see 2008 Wayne emerge yet again. Kanye gets in a few quotables, and it's just a great song in general. 70. El Chapo by Game (feat. Skrillex)69. Souvenir by Milo. Milo spits his best rhymes here, with deep, incredibly lyrical concepts that rival Lupe Fiasco. With a left field flow and  great production, Milo proves himself to be one of the best rappers out there right now. If you can understand it, you'll love it, guaranteed. So we made a couple sticker packs. And pretended we didn't hear. When white fans said "nigger" fast. Ummm, there's pollo in this menudo68. Grief by Earl Sweatshirt67. Schemes by Lupe Fiasco. This epic feat of storytelling by lyrical mastermind Lupe Fiasco, he elevates himself to Slick Rick level storytelling. In this action packed adventure, "Uncle Lupe" brings us on a tale of drug dealing, torture and murder, all on the path of becoming a king. But along the way, Lupe discusses racism, pyramid schemes and much,  much more. Such an entertaining listen. . 66. The Girls On Drugs by Wale65. Ka-Bang! by CZARFACE (feat. MF DOOM)64. Summertime by Vince Staples. Vince goes over to the emotional side with this dark, depressing track. With a slow, crawling pace and dark delivery, this song might make you cry. The perfect ending to disc one, this is by far one of the best songs on the album. The emotion shows right through, and if you haven't heard it, do so now (with tissues)!. I know somethings are better left unsaid and people left alone. Pick up the phone, don't leave me alone in this cruel, cruel world63. Rich $ex by Future62. Raw (Might Just) by Young Thug61. Tatted Angel by A$AP Ferg. A$AP Ferg goes a completely different direction with this serious, emotional song. He talks about his old friends, his relationships, and his father. It's a beautiful thing seeing Ferg so transparent, and it's a spectacle you don't want to miss!. . 60. RGF Island by Fetty Wap59. 100 (feat. Drake)58. Don’t by Bryson Tiller. Tiller brings one of his best songs yet, where he breaks down his love games with a crooning, Weeknd type rapping. His vocal ranges make the song work so well, it's incredible. With a dope (but short) chopped and screwed verse from Soundcloud rapper King Vory, this song is complete. Another magnificent track from up and coming rapper Bryson Tiller. H-Town got me feeling so throwed!. 57. The City by Skizzy Mars (feat. Phoebe Ryan). Skizzy finally properly pays his respects to New York with this upbeat, hopeful bright light anthem. With a very fitting hook courtesy of Phoebe Ryan, this song will have you wishing you were from New York!. The big apple took a bite out of me. Look what I turned out to be56. Polaroids by Jay Prince. Jay Prince get's us to "feel something" with this funky, incredibly fun song. With a nostalgic feel that is hard to shake off, and this song is a great fit for the car. It's that funk!. Make you feel something. It's that thing that make you feel so good we keep it bumpin'. Straight up funky. It's that Bump it's that Funk, it's that thing that make you jump55. Like It Is by Vince Staples54. Gang Bang Anyway by Game (feat. ScHoolboy Q & Jay Rock)53. Excuse Me by A$AP Rocky52. Young Jesus by Logic51. Bad Santa by Joell Ortiz & !llmind. A extremely emotional cut from the dream duo, Joell goes really deep into his most depressing and pressing issues, and with Jared Evan's input, there is no stopping this song. Joell is in his most vulnerable state, but he still keeps it real with wordplay and entendres. This is such a real song, it will make (or ruin, most likely ruin) your day.. Sometimes I wonder if rap is a gift. Every 25th he's unwrappin' his gifts. Pardon me if I curse when I'm rappin' and shit. But sometimes a fuckin' curse comes wrapped as a gift50. Paper Trail$ by Joey Bada$$49. Vice City by Sahtyre48. M.F.T.R. by Pusha T (feat. The Dream). The-Dream lays down timid-but-beautiful vocals and an amazing hook, while Pusha goes all out with dense wordplay, multiple meanings and harsh delivery. This song goes hard, and proves why Pusha is one of the best in the game. You rather be more famous than rich. Play your role, it’s easy acting like Mitch. “Paid In Full” was more than reading a script. Paid in full is really just being Rich Porter47. Dots & Lines by Lupe Fiasco46. Easy Bake by Jay Rock (feat. SZA & Kendrick Lamar)45. Nightcrawler by Travi$ Scott (feat. Swae Lee & Chief Keef)44. Jump Off The Roof by Vince Staples43. Coco (Remix) by Lil Wayne42. Little Death by Lupe Fiasco41. Jumpman by Drake & Future. The unlikely duo of the year's two biggest names strike once again with this banger. Each artist brings their best verses, and by the end it'll leave you singing "Jumpman jumpman jumpman these boys up to somethin'!". 40. 6PM in New York by Drake39. Brokeland by Kirk Knight38. Ocean Skies by Ludacris. Ludacris gets into some of the deepest, most personal stuff ever. He grapples with his father's alcoholism so openly that it may just bring tears to your eyes. But he draws massive parallels between his father's drunken outbursts and loving him dearly. Luda's hard hitting lines cut you deep while Monica sings the heartfelt hook. Yeah, I lost my father to the bottle. Functioning alcoholics what they call it far as I know. Became a teenager and started to understand. But even through drinks he still taught me to be a man37. Paradise by Young Thug36. Panic Room by Sahtyre. In this lyrical haze of drugs, partying and a trippy beat, Sahtyre comes in like a beast. With comic wordplay and lot's of double entendres, Saht proves himself to be a worthy foe in today's rap scene. This epic, one verse Lil Wayne rivaling trippy masterpiece is sure to amaze. . 35. Beast Mode by Ludacris34. Break the Law by Mac Miller. Another banger of ridiculous proportions, Miller returns with a extreme hyperbolic, almost comic rampage of rhymes. His obscene lines and punchlines of absurd drug use and ball-grabbing, Miller replicated Eminem on Relapse at times. This is just an awesome song to chill out to anytime. . 33. Hercules by Young Thug32. Alright by Kendrick Lamar. One of the most influential songs of the year, it has been sung in times of need and abuse across the world. This shows what an impact Kendrick can make, and it would be a shame not to have it one here. The anthem of “keeping your head up”, this song can help anyone through tough times. Nigga, we gon' be alright. Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright31. March Madness by Future30. Canal St. by A$AP Rocky29. They.Resurrect.Over.New by Lupe Fiasco (feat. Ab-Soul & Troi). The dream duo meet up again, and it goes hard. Lupe raps laps around this fast paced, Tron themed track, while Soulo does his best lyrical stoner verse. Both bring heavy wordplay, deep metaphors, and awesome punchlines. With Troi on the dope hook, this song never gets old. The lyrical duo met in heaven, and brought some of it back down to Earth. Meditate until there's no mind. Decorate me with shine till I go blind. BDSM dominated it with no bind. Safe word is don't stop, both or don't go no times28. Rambo by Bryson Tiller. Seamlessly switching between hard trap and R&B crooning, Bryson brings his hardest song yet with this banger. Filled with trap-alized sounds of gunshots mixed with his killer hook, Bryson cooked up a real sweet mix. His verses take over to the gritty trap side, but his melodic voice smoothes it all over. With a nice production, Bryson really puts the trap in soul. He fuckin' killed 'em like Rambo!. . 27. Diamonds Dancing by Drake & Future26. Wesley’s Theory by Kendrick Lamar. “Wesley’s Theory” is the definition of funky. With the beat consisting mainly of wailing G-funk synths courtesy of Flying Lotus and an incredible bassline courtesy of Thundercat, and other elements including a spoken bridge from legend Dr. Dre and amazing guest vocals from George Clinton as well as the aforementioned Thundercat, this song wouldn’t feel out of place at all on a 1990s West Coast rap album. The song is just executed so well overall that I can let Kendrick’s somewhat mediocre chorus slide. In addition, Kendrick’s lyrics and delivery are top-tier. The lyrics sum up the essence of the first section of To Pimp a Butterfly perfectly, with Kendrick rapping about his life goals in a very creative way. In addition, his vocal inflections in the second verse are so perfect that I can’t even get over it. Overall, “Wesley’s Theory” is an incredible track and easily one of the best songs of 2015. -RIPInspectahDUCK. 25. Alchemy by Mick Jenkins. Mick Jenkins completely changed his pace and style with this hard, aggressive song. Rich with wordplay, and continuing his water metaphor, this song goes all the way, taking his best lyrical skills and flow and putting it into this one dope track. Too bad it's so short. . 24. Often by The WeekndShe asked me if I do this every day, I said "Often". Asked how many times she rode the wave, "Not so often"23. Check by Young Thug22. Pornography by Travi$ Scott21. Madonna (And Other Mothers In The Hood) by Lupe Fiasco. The most powerful track off of Tetsuo & Youth, Lupe puts all of his feeling and emotion into this track, and you can feel it. With multiple beautiful hooks from Nikki Jean and lots of nice bridges, Lupe tells two stories simultaneously: the story of Jesus, and the story of a young boy, killed by feinds high off angel dust. With each line being dense with wordplay, metaphor and entendres, and each word hitting hard and home, this is definitely one of Lupe’s best songs. I have never cried from a song before, but every time I hear this song I die a little inside. Man tears, man tears. Them dope fiends and that water, yeah. Wit' angel dust in they nostrils, yeah. They hit em up wit' that chopper. She was holdin' him, in her hands. Just like Stigmata, yeah. Said you gon' live here foreverOnly child, the holy mama's your mama now20. Pacifier by Young Thug19. You & The 6 by Drake. Drake just oozes emotion and love in this personal, vulnerable ode to his mother. It sounds like you are eavesdropping on a private conversation between him and his mother, and believe me, it get's hella personal. Drake has never shown this much of himself in his music before, and it's great. He finally finds the perfect balance between trying to be a big man and crying over the phone. . 18. No. 99 by Joey Bada$$. Joey returns from last years hit Christ Conscious with another, more awesome song/ Joey shows us his lyrical power and kills his verses. This is a lyrical war, and Joey is winning. . 17. u by Kendrick Lamar. Kendrick has proved that he can write uplifting, loving anthems, so now he drags us down to the depths of his despair with this emotion packed song. His vocal range goes to extreme lengths like never before while he cries over a bottle of liquor. He proves why he is such a great artist, this song is so touching that you gotta love it. . 16. Fine Whine (feat. Future & Joe fox)15. Maria I’m Drunk (feat. Young Thug & Justin Bieber)14. Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye II (LPFJ2) by A$AP Rocky. The return of the legend, the badass, the Pretty Flacko. Rocky comes in with an amazing beat, and hard hitting trap lyrics, with wordplay that will make you wanna dance. This song is one of Rocky’s best, and it will have you chanting “Flacko, Jodye”!. Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye. Tell these fuck niggas how you been13. 3230 by Vince StaplesHittin' corners, thuggin' with the blower, barrel louder than a motor. Keep the engine runnin' when a nigga run up on ya. Another day in sunny California12. Untouchable by Pusha T. Pusha T returns with his best track since Numbers On The Boards, absolutely chock full of dense wordplay and intense lyricism. There are no misplaced lines here, and no bad lines either. Pusha shows us why he’s the best lyricist around. Complete with magnificent production and a fitting Biggie Sample, this track can be enjoyed by all rap fans. . 11. Adoration of the Magi by Lupe Fiasco10. King Kunta by Kendrick Lamar. . Described by Kendrick before it’s release, he called it “unapologetically black”, and believe me, it is. The best banger off of To Pimp A Butterfly, this song is sure to make your day. . 9. Money Trees Deuce by Jay Rock. After murdering his verse on the first Money Trees, Rock comes back with an even better one. One of the only good songs on a throwaway album, Rock sounds even more intense and convincing. It brings a much more urgent, running out of time feel, and it’s great. Rock kills it. . 8. When in Rome by Mac Miller. Mac Miller comes in with a savage, radical  song that goes hard all the way. Mac makes a hell of a banger, the hook is badass, and every line is a outrageous, Relapse-like craziness to it. Non-sequitur after non-sequitur, punchline after punchline. 7. Chopper by Lupe Fiasco (feat. Trouble, Billy Blue, Buk, Glasses Malone, Trae Tha Truth & Famlay). Lupe brings together seven of the most real, gritty rappers he could find for an insanely gritty track. Sounding nothing like Lupe's usual work, this song bangs hard. The hook is some of the most trap lyrics you will ever hear, and all artists bring their A-game. This track is eleven minutes of pure heaven, and it's hard finding a better track. My baby mama done fucked up on her food stamps. That’s three muscles recertified6. With That by Young Thug (feat. Duke)Pop me a Xannie I’m fast. I’m so fast I’m so faster than Sonic man5. Holy Ghost by A$AP Rocky (feat. Joe Fox). A$AP Rocky brings us one verse of pure truth. A hyper-realistic depiction of the world we live in today, and it’s dope. Of course, Rocky doesn’t go sparingly on the brags. With harmony and a beautiful hook with Joe Fox, this song goes hard. Church bells and choir sounds, tell 'em, "Quiet down". Bow your head, the Most High's around cocktails4. Senorita by Vince Staples (feat. Future)Baby either go hunt or be hunted. We crabs in a bucket, he called me a crab. So I shot at him in front of the Douglas. I cannot be fucked with, we thuggin' in public. . This song goes hard, all the way. The Future hook makes you want to get up and fuck someone up, and the whole song is possibly the best banger of 2015. This gritty, thug rap is all killer and no filler. . 3. Prisoner 1 & 2 by Lupe Fiasco. Another great song by Lupe, this time with more feeling and content. He tackles incarceration and racial profiling throughout, and he conveys his emotion well. On Prisoner 2, his anger shines through like on The Blacker The Berry. Lupe keeps the wordplay and metaphors consistent throughout, this song is positively perfect. 2. The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick Lamar. Kendrick Lamar fires back at the world with this harsh, intense, hard and shocking track. He kills three verses with racial, aggressive and badass punchlines before finally shocking us with the biggest twist ending I’ve heard in a long time. His anger is so evident throughout the song and the racial motive throughout rivals Malcolm X. Kendrick displays his emotions even better than in Collect Calls. This track is so incredible, this is why Kendrick is who he is. 1. Mural by Lupe Fiasco. . This is by far the most lyrical song of the year. Maybe of all time. This is just nine straight minutes of complete and utter fire. Double entendre after double entendre, wordplay within wordplay, metaphors within metaphors. With little riddles hidden throughout, and moments of very deep thought and thought inspiring lines. This is the true value of that fire emoji and all those gif’s you keep posting. This is the pinnacle of rap. . Note: some songs were singles from 2014, but later featured on 2015 albums, and since they already appeared on last years list I excluded them. And other songs (e.i. Codeine Crazy) were released in late 2014, and didn't make any of last years list so I put them here. . Click these sweet links to check out the other stuff:. . . . 1Embed