We love the children of Africa. Teaching the children. Oh na na anna. La da da da. . [Verse 1]. Black eye, black hair, black skin. Black queen stand majestic with the black king. Today I'll sing you a black song, you need to hear about beautiful black things 'cause. Most time we hear about black, we hear about black magic and black witches. Black list, black book, black market. Black Friday, ya spend off your black riches. I've never seen a doctor in black nor seen a black pill fi cure no black people. But I've seen bush doctors like Tosh and Marley resurrect like a real black beatle. Malcom, Marcus, Martin. When you see Walter Rodney ask him. How you nuh hear about Howell often. So when the little offspring asking, tell them. [Chorus]. [Chorus]. They never told us that black is beautiful. They never told us, black is beauty. They never told us that black is beautiful. They never told us, they never told us black is beautiful. . [Verse 2]. You ah behave and ah gwaan like you never spend 500 years pon a farm. The same chain you ah wear and a gwaan is another black life in Sierra Leone. Dem find out mama earth got gold then. Dem mine out mama earth black soul then. You work hard just fi get ah black card. Same card weh you swipe buy back your black gold then. Hol' on, I see nuff faces long. But this is not a racist song. This is a song for the children who was never told about where their race is from. They never hear it in dem favourite songs. Everybody calm, ah say slavery's done. What a go gwaan when the babies come. And start read 'bout things like. Dogons, black Kemet and Kush. Black kings, black senates and books. Weh teach 'bout pyramids and put. Real significance to we physical looks. So every word weh mi say black. In my world everything black. Black white, white black right back. So don't be surprised when mi say mi king black. You might also likeThey never told us that black is beautiful. They never told us, black is beauty. They never told us that black is beautiful. They never told us, they never told us black is beautiful. . [Outro]. Preacher is preaching good God the things that he preaches. I wonder who taught him to preach. Teacher is teaching where did he get his degree. Now it is no mystery who taught us black history. Peace out2Embed