Blackberry pie, black [?] birds. Good luck from black kitty cats, favorite color, favorite word. Black coffee or black tea served. With a pic of Kermit sippin' you get daiquiri’d up on Black Twitter. . [Verse 1: Quelle Chris]. Takes more than February for black obser-vance. 'Tip said black is black and the congregation sang, "for sure". Word, bet this ain't no B.E.T. This black entertainment that don’t rerun what black used to be. Under black cottonwood where schemes emerge. Shiftin' the minds of I and I and you and you who thought [?]. No racial drafts or honorary blacks. We goodie just the way you stacked, no need to sambo act to have my back. One can't redact the black or white, tell what in fact is fact. Ol' King James said it loud, yeah, King James kept us daft. They scare towards every ear that hear it, tides that turn. For every year of tears, for every cheek one's turned. Unlock. [Hook: Quelle Chris]. Blackberry pie, black [?] birds. Good luck from black kitty cats, favorite color, favorite word. Black coffee or black tea served. With a pic of Kermit sippin' you get daiquiri'd up on Black Twitter. Blackberry pie, black [?] birds. Good luck from black kitty cats, favorite color, favorite word. Black coffee or black tea served. With a pic of Kermit sippin' you get daiquiri’d up on Black Twitter. . [Verse 2: Mosel]. Beautiful black baby boy, the world is ours. Beautiful black baby girl, like twinklin’ stars. Balcony of your bounty read the black man's God. Simply a positive affirmation, ’cause we all got hearts. All bleed out red, brain in my head. Grey matter in every crevice, can't fake blackness. No amount of consumption can erase our skin. No reparations or repatriation can replace that ish. Our president, we set precedent, then we faced that shit. How you make that shit? Call it black magic. Black crystals and black rubies keep us groovy like black bass lines. And black music or black slave lives (blaxsploitation movies, true). Shouts out to all my black folks in the rapture. I promise to behave after, I'll be right black at ya. Holla black, I got your back, says the black pastor. Love's the next chapter and color don’t matter. For now, that's just privileged chatter. Sure, you're right. Across the states, what I seen, are neighborhoods full dozens Tumbleweeds be a black women's weave. Said the black woman's queen, but that's old news. And if her counterpart is king, then what do we rule. Prayed my son'd be blessed with the same peace I'm blessed with. At half my age, not even a fraction of this black man's rage. Just enough to keep turnin' to the next black page. To a whole 'nother novel, book of life, bible. Not like the one that they lie through. Black is beautiful, dark holy glow, we've been lied to. Black is more than skin deep, it's our soul, look inside you. Nigga, look inside you. Where that infinite at. Feels good to be brown and classified as black. No lookin' back, unless it's on some sad [?] perspective. To empower words, livin' on truth, much love to my bro, much love to you. You might also like[Hook: Quelle Chris]. Blackberry pie, black [?] birds. Good luck from black kitty cats, favorite color, favorite word. Black coffee or black tea served. With a pic of Kermit sippin' you get daiquiri'd up on Black Twitter. Blackberry pie, black [?] birds. Good luck from black kitty cats, favorite color, favorite word. Black coffee, no creamer, or black tea served. With a pic of Kermit sippin' you get daiquiri'd up on Black Twitter. . [Verse 3: Nelson Bandela]. Collecting the consciousness, we writing all that. Using the maps, we be the facts. Subjective with stats, decoding the traps. Collecting the consciousness, we writing all that. So easy, the maps, we be the facts. Subjective with stats, decoding the traps. Niggas from the past in the future intact. They ain't expect that, they ain't expect that. The infinite hue, poetry shiny and matte. Every other color, just the refraction of thatEmbed