Mm, Supa Good. Inglewood. . [Verse 1: D Smoke]. Purple rain fallin' down on a prince of the coast where the sun shine. All year 'round (Mm). Purple haze over landscapes, still I hydrate in a lunch line. With the smog in clouds ('Wood), start me out (Uh). This song's in the key of life and love is in need of more. Young nigga from Inglewood, barefoot on a cedar floor. If black music is the blood, then my heart has been beatin' more. Rapidly, happily, I look back on Afeni Shakur. Her son paved the way, now all eyes on me. 'Cause I'm young, black and gifted, Nina, all eyes gon' see. If you swung back when faced with a challenge. That's meant to break you, and balanced scales. You ain't average, now throw your hands on three. Go on and put 'em up for. [Chorus: Jackie Gouche & D Smoke, Both]. Black magic, black excellence. Black habits, this black medicine, everything. Black Chucks, black tux, everything, everything. Black hug, black love, everything. Praise black Jesus, play black Moses. Give 'em flowers while they still here, black roses, everything. Black tie, black ride, everything, everything. Black pride, black lives, everything (Ah-ah-ah). . [Post-Chorus: D Smoke]. Skin noire, friends noire, here you are, black. Everything you need, better believe you are that, said. Skin noire, friends noire, here you are, black, every—. . [Verse 2: D Smoke]. Every time they hear this, they gon' say he made an anthem, life ain't a panda. Shit ain't black and white, it's a canvas. Spike Lee your dreams and Bruce Lee your tantrums. Two-three that bullshit and go Michael Jordan, go Samson. Knock down the walls around me, strong and dark and so handsome, uh. Everything around me is shinin' dark and the timing's divine. I found a spark when the clouds leak and the rain fall, and I found peace. I'm black as the concrete, black as the street that's lined with the palm trees. I'm black as the night sky when you broke and your bread and your bacon just don't meet. Black as the bottom of Chuck Taylors, black on some "Fuck haters". Black as the burnt rubber, hittin' donuts in front of the store where two months later. They got stopped and the cops found a black burner underneath the seat on some Nat Turner. Black as the judge robe when the case closed, now your life on the back burner. You might also like[Chorus: Jackie Gouche & D Smoke, Both]. Black magic (Black magic), black excellence (Black excellence). Black habits (Black habits), this black medicine (Yeah), everything. Black Chucks, black tux, everything, everything. Black hug, black love, everything. Praise black Jesus (Yeah), play black Moses (Hah). Give 'em flowers while they still here, black roses, everything. Black tie, black ride, everything, everything. Black pride, black lives, everything (Ah-ah-ah). . [Post-Chorus: D Smoke]. Skin noire, friends noire, here you are, black. Everything you need, better believe you are that, said. Skin noire, friends noire, here you are, black. Everything you need, better believe you are that. . [Verse 3: D Smoke]. Mira negrito, puro amor pa' mis morenitos. Hice un giro cambiando idioma'. Vuelan palomas encima del rollercoaster. Calles cerca de la playa, ocean view. Blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice, we dancin' to soca too. Only fuck with few real niggas that chill with us, build with us or deal with us. Never pulled the trigger aimin' at another man, but real hitters still pick up the phone (Ayy, Smoke, what you need?). I ain't on this mission alone. Used to dream of really stackin' my funds, now my windows just as black as my guns. I feel divine, it came on time, God never changes. Ain't gon' lie, I lost faith and cried, then my faith revived. And as soon as I let go and surrendered to Him my talents. This young king took off like, "Go, Go Gadget", there go that. [Chorus: Jackie Gouche & D Smoke, Both]. Black magic, black excellence. Black habits, this black medicine, everything. Black Chucks, black tux, everything, everything. Black hug, black love, everything. Praise black Jesus, play black Moses. Give 'em flowers while they still here, black roses, everything. Black tie, black ride, everything, everything. Black pride, black lives, everything (Ah-ah-ah)Embed