"You want to get it, but you ain't gon' do nothing but sitting there. You gotta get up, you know what I'm saying?. And get yours cause it's yours, you know what I mean?". . [Verse 1: Conscious Toney]. Its mineeeeeee, hahaaaaaaa!!!. . Jazz jam, scram in your head fam,Toney the Rebel. The best damn slam plan raps another level. Devilish business, Eccentric minus the bitches. Diabolic minded, mindset above GOOD conscience. Freedom writers, hard to find us, dislike and despite a Con-artist. Enlightenment for this rapping with me it just started. Imma be heartless in the future. Take advantage, abandoned, Handle it like a Trooper. Where's trust ? Why us, grow up become stupid blooper shooters. And smoke mega  budda with hooters feel the coolest. (LORD) Foreshadow more blacks saluted. To be recruited to the Army troopers. Should blacks join the force ?. The hood we kill are own people, sequel are own civil war. Evil of course, more kids in corpse know remorse. Words of wisdom all sorts of food for your thoughts. Live life, the world is mine in this white mans world. To my blacks, the world is yours. [HOOK]. Whose world is this ?. (The world is mine, the world is mine). Its mine, its mine, its mine. Whose world is this ? Nah conscience (its yours). Its mine, its mine, its mine. Whose world is this ?. The world is mine, the world is mine. Its mine, its mine, its mine. . [Verse 2]. To my pops Ant waul, God bless your life. To my boy Ant Rich, God respect your life, bless us Christ. Where the righteous world ? all i see is this fucking hatred. Containment for our places so the hood could be the safest. Don't work black, young blacks take sacrifices, robbing for ice. Fuck price, the like of life just, despite imma freedom writer. System look at my crew, as delinquent individuals, its miserable. The black they don't listen too, why we want demands, get scared. When we lift our hands and get physical, the world so typical. Style will confuse, an high IQ like he was a imbecile. The world is mine fuck the system know subliminals. But news credits do, witness that wicked plans are confidential. Spokesman for the ghetto, insight we got potential. Life essences, stay confident people start showing reverential. Ain't that coincidental ?. You might also like[HOOK]. Whose world is this ?. (The world is mine, the world is mine). Its mine, its mine, its mine. Whose world is this ? Nah toney (its yours). Its mine, its mine, its mine. Whose world is this ?. The world is mine, the world is mine. Its mine, its mine, its mine. . . [Verse 3: Evil Conscience]. Illegal evil, is the easy way out. Ill with the pen, the pen is lethal. For the vicious people, depends. Ambitious to stay out, in to rape date. Cut myself with rusty blade. The pain contained in my brain. In this world psychos don't appeal. Shotta, rasta, shotgun have you peel and squill. God i got that appeal chill eat Oxtail. Lost my vegan beef over godly meals. Atheist oxymoron, imma moron godly who street smart. Sell oxycontin, this rotten apple. Is a trap hole, craziest capsule. I wear a Jesus piece, and hold a piece. Not pleasing real asshole. Deep down i want peace. Wave black power peace. Give you a piece of mind peace. But im not pleased till currency peak. Dee pocket, peal profit, pray prophets. Prophecy i dont got it. Imma kill i promise. Gore spills all garbage. Of course, into more. Real intercourse with whores. Wanna be saved, not safe. Fuck it open the safe. For Christ sake, white slave. I will neva die most high alive. Fiery eyes, i will neva die. Eternal life im ..... [SKIT/OUTRO]1Embed