Okay we built this from the curb up. From back where there they never really heard us. From back from where they never really turned up. Way back where we never really earned much. And it took me a good few years blood sweat tears and my very last nerve up. But fuck it musta given me the fire in the belly that was relevant to burn this world up. G G Gettin pissy in the dressing room. While i roll this spliff a second. Shits bigger than an exit wound. From a loaded smith-n-wessun. Then im buildin up a second zoot. Me and my big spliff collection. To kill anybody the fuck i wanna tbh i am horroh im a livin legend. Im axels rose slash slash. Black tatts. Snap bag. Pants sag. Man swag. Thats that. And i reckon a led zeppelin make a someone that have anthrax. Gimme the spliff let me blast that. Let me slow it down when i smoke those out. Used to get a little bit of weed every week now a man im getting cheese by the boat load now. So stoned now. Let a couple hoes roll round. With a phone-o out. Make them both go down. Make them take their boy friends photo down. Like they dont know how they know those clowns. Now its all about muah. Like my dicks the only one chosen now. Im just tryina make all these stoners proud. Mosh team fuck em all. Till they all hold it down. [Hook]. We do this all day. Every day. Lifes a fuckin party im just here to celebrate. Fuck the bitchin all the talkin and discussions. Lets cause a little ruckus. You musnt know the name heres a formal introduction. I am hip hops slip knot moshin. All i spit is toe tag body bag coffin. I smoke a loada weed. Drink a loada jd's. And my attitude is party hard and fuck whoevers watching. This is from the street. Build it from the ground up. Make some major noise and now these majors say they found us. Lifes a fuckin trip. They all used to clown us. Now these pretty bitches blow us kisses and surround us. . [Verse 2]. Still so high. Anybody hatin we can kill those vibes. Still roll mine. I spit a kryptonite. We spark more than a pistol fight. Roll up the windows keep the shits inside different light. You would never see these bitches dike. Just so they dont pay ticket price. I guess lifes just full of tits to sign. Lift to shine. R R Rock n roll. Everybodys lookin for a pot of gold. They talk n they dress right. Yes right. But they musta lost the dome. And they never got the flow. They never got the joke. So whats funny. I dont wanna converse i want money. Im about to lock and load. So stop drop and roll. Until the top is over im comin, bunnin. Kush inside this rizzla. Zoogs the size of twistas. I inhale and i exhale. Sayin fuck the life you're living. I would fuck the wife you live with. Cuz she loves me like im jesus. Even when i make her cross. She still gets nailed by the penis. Screamin. You might also like[Hook]. We do this all day. Every day. Lifes a fuckin party im just here to celebrate. Fuck the bitchin all the talkin and discussions. Lets cause a little ruckus. You musnt know the name heres a formal introduction. I am hip hop slip knot moshin. All i spit is toe tag body bag coffin. I smoke a loada weed. Drink a loada jd's. And my attitude is party hard and fuck who evers watchin. This is from the street. Build it from the ground up. Make some major noise and now these majors say they found us. Lifes a fuckin trip. They all used to clown us. Now these pretty bitches blow us kisses and surround us. . We do this all day. Every day. Lifes a fuckin party im just here to celebrate. Fuck the bitchin all talkin and discussion. Lets cause a little ruckus. You musnt know the name heres a formal introduction. Ibam hip hop slip knot moshin. All i spit is toe tag body bag coffin. I smoke a loada weed. Drink a loada jd's. And my attitude is party hard and fuck whoevers watching2Embed