But sometimes we all let the winds of change move us so freely. How can I let another no one sow the seed. And expect Gaia to just leave me alone and allow me to be me. . All I want is a fire down by the sea. Beneath the palms with my feet in the sand you can find me dreaming. Open my eyes to another in misery. Hate to see a good man fall prey to the mother****ing snakes of society. . Under the sun our light will outlast. No time for waiting, life moves so fast. Change the opposition, it shall come to pass. A break in the glass, a break in the glass. Bring the night, our light will outlast. We can't relax when they move so fast. Change the opposition, it shall come to pass. A break in the glass, a break in the glass. On the path of life. The task simply is. Don't let the trash tempt me. Strictly keep it classic. And you'll surpass quickly. Powers that be. Will keep us second guessing. And asking the question. Is the glass half full or half empty. Some stars burn out. From fast entry. While others last a century. It's the mind state. Of this entire country. They want us to embrace the superficial. Make the masses feel special. While this empire. They run it corruptly. Some do it for the income. But we do it for the outcome. Some of us are active. While others just let their mouths run. No doubt son. This is not just about fun. We will not be outdone. By these cowards. Who shout scum. Upgrade your faith. Just to match your vision. And your decisions will have risen. From their natural prison. And if you listen you can hear every. Snake in the grass. And you can see them. Through the break in the glass. Wake 'em at last. Come on. You might also likeUnder the sun our light will outlast. No time for waiting, life moves so fast. Change the opposition, it shall come to pass. A break in the glass, a break in the glass. Bring the night, our light will outlast. We can't relax when they move so fast. Change the opposition, it shall come to pass. A break in the glass, a break in the glass. . “Life exists only at this very moment, and in this moment it is infinite and eternal. For the present moment is infinitely small; before we can measure it, it has gone, and yet it exists forever…You may believe yourself out of harmony with life and its eternal Now; but you cannot be, for you are life and exist Now.”Embed