He is my king, he is my one. Yes, he's my father. Yes, he's my son. I can talk to him 'cause he understands. Everything I go through and everything I am. That's my support system, I can't live without him. The best thing since sliced bread. Is his kiss, his hugs, his lips, his touch. And I just want the whole world to know, about my... [Chorus]. Black brotha, I love ya and I will never try to hurt ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my black brotha. Strong brotha and there is no one above ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. . [Verse 2]. He's misunderstood (yeah). Some say that he's up to no good around the neighborhood. But fo' your information. A lot of my brothers got education (now check it). You got ya wallstreet brotha, ya blue collar brotha. Your down for whatever chillin' on the corner brother. A talented brotha, and to everyone of y'all behind bars. You know that Angie loves ya. . [Chorus]. All my black brotha, I love ya and I will never try to hurt ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my black brotha. Strong brotha and there is no one above ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my black brotha. Strong brotha and there is no one above ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. You might also like[Bridge]. You mean so much to me, you give me what I need. I'm so proud of you, I said I'm so proud of you. I love you for stayin strong, you got it goin' on. I'm so proud of you (I'm). Going through thick and thin, brothas you gonna win. I'm so proud of you (I said I'm so proud of you). Whenever you facin doubt, brothas gon work it out. I'm so proud of you (I got my shakable faith in ya). . [Chorus]. 'Cause you're my black brotha. I love ya and I will never try to hurt ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my black brotha. Strong brotha and there is no one above ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my black brotha. I love ya and I will never try to hurt ya. I want ya to know that I'm here for you, forever true. 'Cause you're my.... . Oh, oh, for everyone of ya'll you know that Angie loves ya. Oh, oh, for everyone of ya'll you know that Angie loves ya. Yeah4Embed