We still having criminal thoughts. And everybody wondering when will the killing stop. Maybe when these cop killers go after these killer cops. Cause they dont give a fuck whether you're real or not. When i spit i keep my jaws tighter than Killer Croc. And i like a chick with a cold stare like Killer Frost. Ask the reaper what happens when the sickle drops. Ask the devil what happens when the strings on the fiddle pops. These kids are getting kidnapped children are getting mauled. And these mother fuckers wondering how to build a wall. They wanna divide us up and start a civil war. Where you think they were sitting when we watched the building fall?. I'm talking bout building seven and not the world trade. This isn't a planet this is another world's grave. How many tears have to come down a little girls face?. Before we realize that we're living in a periled state. Don't claim you "woke" unless Rothschilds coming out your mouth. Don't believe in daemons? you can't see'em cause they underground. "Steve stop playing with us man yo don't fuck around". This rabbit whole is deep and we can see something is crawling out!. Sorcery,black magic,science and dark wizardry. Dark arts of the occult, all a part of their artillery. The truth is out, Pandora's box is not a mystery. It ain't a game these mother fuckers are conjuring entities. Spiritual brainiac twelfth level intelligence. He's an alpha mutant that causes a telekinetic glitch. Omega level telepath and he's hella sick. Six appendages stems from the head of this elephant. The heavens splits open he appears now who's blazing him?. He ain't oxidizing'em Na he's new aging'em. Im with Diana Prince and Bruce Wayne and them. The triangular peninsula comes a new savior. New-sapien, hum-alien, blue avians. He moves space out of his way when he comes through,Bangin'em!. Two rays of light infused that spews radiance. Masculine Feminine , yin-yangin'em dual flaming'em!. Listen to the shit he spits at you take it for what its worth. This is DNA activation straight from the inner earth. Dark entities get off of me when he lifts the curse. He ain't here to compete but indeed he needs a bigger turf. Ain't here to fight it out hes here to spread the light around. Walk around emitting energy all the satellites are down. Lightning cloud comes out and surrounds him when he recites the sound. Frequencies remaining hyper loud until the mic is down. Cosmic awareness got me throwing planets atchya. And what you dealing with here is an ascended master. What you seeing is a mirror reflected backwards. We all a part of the universes heavenly chapter. Blasts from the heart chakra get every lyric felt. We heal from within and then all the pain just appears to melt. Fresh out the portal coming straight out the spirit realm. Legendary lyricist come hear him and hear him well. It's a Ferris wheel of the souls that's devoured. Illuminati wants to open up portals around us. And walk amongst us like they living with immortal powers. I'm here to fight I'm not drowning in the court of owlsYou might also likeEmbed