What is this?. This ain't hip-hop. This ain't punk rock. You ain't punk rock. You ain't hip-hop. What is this?. What style of music do you play?. What kind of music do you play?. What do you call that music?. What genre is this?. How do you mix all these genres together?. Why do you mix all these genres together?. How do you do that?. Yeah, yeah, I see, it's kinda like gospel-punk. Soul-punk, soul-rock, doom-soul. What is this fusion?. Man, it's more like confusion. I like the punk but I don't like the soul. I like the soul but I don't really like the punk. It's soulful, but why do you have to make it ugly?. Oh, you don't even know what your sound is. Nah nigga, you don't know how to act. All these niggas don't know how to act. Where you from?. Nah, where you really from?. No, where you really from in Africa?. You look like your ancestors might have come from Mali. You know, I spent a summer there once and you look like them. Nah, that's not your real voice, is it?. Is that your real voice?. Why do you talk like that?. And you don't really, you don't really dress like that, do you?. Nah, you, you don't really talk like a black guy. I mean, you're black but you ain't really black. You don't really act black, nigga. Yeah, you're more a negro than a nigga. Yeah, and you're pretty cool for a nigga but you ain't really a nigga. You know what I'm sayin'?. You know that Chris Rock sketch where he says. That there's a difference between black people and niggas?. Yeah, why, why can't I say it?. Why are you allowed to say it but we can't say it?. Nah, fuck you nigga, you don't really know how to act. All you niggas don't really know how to act. How does it feel to be a black man making white music?. Uh, a middle aged black man observing young white people. Shout the n-word to rap songs. A 35 year old black man observing young white people. Shout the n-word to rap songs. They're bombastic but to the point of kitsch. Even though the issues at hand are a matter of life and death. Uh, never mentioning the name. Of victims of racially motivated violence. The effect is weirdly impersonal, so over the top. It's political melodrama. Fuck your experience, nigga. Uh, you ain't from the hood. You ain't got gold in your mouth. Nigga, you ain't never been in jail. You're too old and too inauthentic. Fuck young, gifted, and black, nigga. You don't know how to act. Oh! You niggas don't know how to act. I love what you do but I wish you would just get off. Of the identity politics and start talking about structural politics. You know who you remind me of?. You remind me of TV on the Radio. You remind me of Fishbone. You remind me of Gary Clark Jr. You remind me of Bad Brains. You remind me of Living Colour. You remind me of Lenny Kravitz. . You know who you look like?. You look like Laurence Fishburne. You look like Usher. You look like Forest Whitaker. You look like Paul George. You look like Denzel Washington. You look like that cat from 24. What? I'm just trying to be nice. . Fuck you, nigga. All you niggas don't know how to act. All you niggas don't know how to act. Oh, you know I love black girls. I fucked a black girl once, you know. I got black friends, too. You know, one of my best friends was a nigga when I was growing up. And we used to play basketball together. And he could jump and run so fast 'cause he had an extra muscle. Did you know that?. Y'all got an extra muscle in your leg. You got it from when you was runnin' from the slave masters. Oh, but you niggas still don't know how to act. All you niggas don't know how to act. You know what black music is, right?. Yeah, I love old school hip-hop. You know, does, you know, does it bother you. When white people dance to your music at shows?. Did you used to be a preacher?. Oh, you're from Atlanta, I love trap music. That's the home of trap music. You know what that is, right?. Oh, but you know Bob Dylan created rap. Oh, you know Cee-Lo Green?. Oh, yo, you niggas don't know how to act. A Love Supreme, that got 10 out of 10. You know, Michael Jackson's Thriller got Best New Nigga. But you still don't know how to act. All you niggas don't really know how to act. You might also like"Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. They give him drank and take away the water. "Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. They tattoo his face with quaint obscenities. "Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. They hack off his tongue ceremoniously. With all institutional pomp and circumstance. "Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. They tie him to be quartered to the four major pillars of validation. "Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. They decorate him in gold. "Get back to where you once belonged," they sing. Exhausted in the briers, he sighs a resigned contortion. They seize it at birth and bottle it for voyeuristic observation. And anthropological instruction. Then put it on display in natural history museums. Pornographic textbooks, designer drag window displays. And conspiracy websites. Dance like a monkey. Chatter like an ape. Put on the jacket and the full face. Everyone will applaud. They clangor on this way. Until he hits the ground. Then they finally give the thumbs down1Embed