I look around, look around, round, look around. I look around, look around, round, look around. . [Verse 1]. I look around, round, look around and look it over. I take it up, up, take it out and take you nowhere. Trading in who I've been for shiny celebrity skin. I like to push it and push it until my luck is over. It never stops, stops, never stops, well, you better. Think it over, prima donna, you don't want to sever. All the work to impress, charming girls out of their dresses. Smiling pretty, well, pretty will swallow you forever. [Pre-Chorus]. Step one, step two, step three, repeat. And I pray at the church of asses in the seats. I disappear behind the beat. Yeah. . [Chorus]. When the mirrors and the lights and the smoke clear. I'd never guess how we ever could have got here. You can say what you say when the lights go down. So shake, shake, shake and shut your mouth. . [Verse 2]. I wonder why, why, I wonder why, why I oughta. Let you wreck, resurrect whatever you wanna. I can't depend in the end, you know. I thought you were my friend. Just stop, just stop, just stop, I think I got it. Sorry you, sorry me, sorry every in between. Sorry everybody here will never be somebody clean. There's a piece of me they're throwing back at us. And they will buy you and sell you for celebrity status. . [Pre-Chorus]. Step one, step two, step three, repeat. And I pray at the church of asses in the seats. I disappear behind the beat. You might also like[Chorus]. When the mirrors and the lights and the smoke clear. I'd never guess how we ever could have got here. You can say what you say when the lights go down. So shake, shake, shake and shut your mouth. . When the mirrors and the lights and the smoke clear. I'd never guess how we ever could have got here. You can say what you say when the lights go down. So shake, shake, shake and shut your mouth. . [Bridge]. Look around, round. Look around, round. Look around. Look around, round. Look around, round. Look around. Look around, round. Look around, round. Look around. Look around, round. Look around, round. Look around. Look around, round. Look around, round. Look around. (Look around, round, Look around, round, Look around, Look around, round, Look around, round, Look around, Look around, round, Look around, round, Look around). I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying. I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying. [Chorus]. When the mirrors and the lights and the smoke clear. I'd never guess how we ever could have got here. You can say what you say when the lights go down. So shake, shake, shake and shut your mouth. . When the mirrors and the lights and the smoke clear. I'd never guess how we ever could have got here. You can say what you say when the lights go down. So shake, shake, shake and shut your mouth. . [Outro]. I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying2Embed