When the scene unfolds. Young girls, thirteen years old. Expose themselves to any Tom, Dick, and Hank. Got more stretch marks than these hoes holl'in' they got rank. See SEGA ain't in this new world order. Dem experimenting in Atlanta, Georgia. United Nations, overseas, trained assassins. Do search and seize, ain't knocking or asking. They're coming for niggas like me, poor white trash like they. Tricks like her back in slavery. Concentration camps laced with gas pipelines. Infernos outdoors like they had. Back when Adolf Hitler was living in 1945. Listen to me now, believe me later on. In the future, look it up. Where they say it in the Constitution?. That in the event of a race war. Places like Operation Heartbreak Hotel. Moments tear until air tight vents sealed off despair. Dem say expect no mercy. Fool, you should be my least worries. Got to deal with W-2's, 1099's. Unmarked black helicopters swoop down. And try to put missiles in mines. [Chorus]. Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). . [Verse 2: CeeLo Green]. Me and my family moved in our apartment complex. A gate with a serial code was put up next. The claim that this community is so drug-free. But it don't look that way to me. 'Cause I can see the young bloods hanging out at the store 24/7. Junkies looking for a hit of the blow, it's powerful. Oh, you know what else they tryin' to do?. Make a curfew especially for me and you. The traces of the New World Order, time is getting shorter. If we don't get prepared, people, it's gon' be a slaughter. My mind won't allow me to not be curious. My folk don't understand, so they don't take it serious. But every now and then, I wonder if the gate was put up. To keep crime out or keep our ass in. . [Chorus]. Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (nobody now). Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (nobody now). You might also like[Verse 3: T-Mo]. Listen up, lil' nigga—I'm talking to you. About what your little ass need to be going through. I fall a victim, too. And I know I shouldn't smoke so much, but I do. With the crew every day—on the average, 'bout four or five. I'm lucky to be alive at sunrise. Now, I realize the cost after I lost my best friend, Bean. I'm recognized as a kin, who am I to tell you to stop smokin'?. Now, you open to disease and colds. And ain't sixteen years old—this shit has got to stop. Let's take a walk through detox. I want out of this hole, I'm in a cell. Under attack—loc' up, folks, they in the hood. Got an eye on every move I make. Open your face to info you ain't know 'cause it's kept low. How the New World Plan reach the planet without the Black man. . [Verse 4: Big Gipp]. So what's your aim?. Tryin' to separate me from the blood is disrespect. Like coming in my home and not wiping your feet on the rug. The Citron Absolut has got me bucking. No hang with no phony (Phony). Look out for the man with the mask on the white pony. On my back are bills staying off my toes, always on my heels. Insane, plain soldiers coming in the dark by plane. To enforce the new system by reign. Tag my skin with your computer chip (Chip). Run your hand over the scanner to buy your dish now (Now). No more fishing for your fish (No more fishing for my fish). Kiss the days of the old days, past ways, gone. Mind blown, conception, protection. My name on your selections but I caught you coming (Coming). Pow!. [Chorus]. Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). Who's that peeking in my window?. Pow, nobody now (Nobody now). . [Outro: Khujo]. ​Cell therapy. Think about it. Use that tool between your two shoulders. Brain-cell therapy​​12Embed