I need you to release your faith. I know what you been through. But I came to tell you that God is changing your story. If you believe that He is changing your story. I want to release this in your atmosphere. . [Verse 1]. I know you've been defeated before (That won't be your story no more). I know you failed before (That won't be your story no more). I know you've been sick before (That won't be your story no more). Generational curses (That won't be your story no more). 'Cause I want to let you know. [Chorus]. That God is changing your story, say (God is changing your story). God is changing your story (God is changing your story). God is changing your story (God is changing your story). He's making the crooked places straight (God is changing your story). He's creating a way in your wilderness (God is changing your story). He's putting a river in your desert (God is changing your story). God is changing your story (God is changing your story). . [Verse 2]. Unemployment (That won't be your story no more). Divorce is calling your name (That won't be your story no more). Poverty is calling your name (That won't be your story no more). But I want you to know tonight. . [Chorus]. That God is changing your story, hey (God is changing your story). God is changing your story (God is changing your story). God is changing your story (God is changing your story). He loves you too much to leave you (God is changing your story). Leave you right there where you are (God is changing your story). He got to show you what it looks like (God is changing your story). To be a miracle, to be a miracle, to be a miracle, hey (God is changing your story). . [Bridge]. He's changing your story. He's changing your story. From failure to success. From bound to freedom, hey. From lack to the abundance, hey. From defeated to winning, hey. From defeated to winning. You ought to open your mouth and say. I've going from defeated (From defeated to winning). From defeated to winning (From defeated to winning). He got to change your location (From defeated to winning). From defeated to winning (From defeated to winning). That won't be your story no more. You might also like[Interlude]. Now listen. I know we're at a recording. But can we make this our sanctuary tonight. I want you to think about that thing. And I want you to look at somebody. As a matter of fact. Grab the hand of the person you're standing next to. And lift your hand in the air. That's it, lift your hand in the air. I don't know what the enemy has been using against you. To keep you from being what God wants you to be. But I came to tell somebody, that that's about to change. I speak to everything that's been holding you captive. And I command it, to let you go, to let you go. Lift your voice and say. . [Chorus]. God is changing our story (God is changing our story). God is changing your story (God is changing our story). God is changing your story (God is changing our story). I know what it looked like before (God is changing our story). I know what it felt like before (God is changing our story). But He's releasing healing right now (God is changing our story). He's releasing healing right now (God is changing our story). God is changing our story, oh-oh-oh (God is changing our story). [Interlude]. This won't be my- (This won't be my story no more). Lift your hands all over the room and say. This won't be (This won't be my story no more). That thing that's been keeping you up at night. Won't be (This won't be my story no more). Having just enough just to get by. Won't be (This won't be my story no more). God came to pull you where you belong. Oh, yes, He did (This won't be my story no more). God came to break you out of some stuff tonight. Oh, yes, He did (This won't be my story no more). I don't care how long you've been bound. He came to break you out tonight, hey (This won't be my story no more). He came to break you out tonight, yeah. He came to break you out tonight (This won't be my story no more). . [Interlude]. Lift your hands all over this room. And if don't nobody else get it. Get it for your home tonight. As your hands are lifted up high. I need you, out of your own mouth. To begin to shout in the atmosphere. God is changing my story. Open your mouth and. Shout it like you, shout it like you. You won't be the same. You won't be the same. He's turning that thing around. He's turning that-. Somebody open your mouth. Oh, oh Lord. . [Interlude]. That won't be your story no more. Everybody say, that won't be. That won't be your story no more. Lift your hand and say. This won't be my- (This won't be my story no more). One more time like you mean it. This won't be (This won't be my story no more). . [Outro]. Now you ought to open your mouth and bless Him like you believe. That He's not going to change your story but He's already changed. I need somebody to open your mouth. And get what is yours tonight. I said get what is yours tonight. I just believe. That wherever the spirit of the Lord is. Everything you need is. Open your mouth. Believe in my spiritEmbed