What do thee need of me?. Our village has been flooded, all of the children taken by the ocean. We need your golden coins to suffice, to repair what has been damaged. Why should I help thou? You are a little rat compared to me. I am the king, I have all the riches you could ever desire. But thee does not deserve my earnings. I have fought in many battles to earn my oh so ever rich gold. Oh so ever mighty king, valiant man, indeed. It would mean a lot to the village and the people. If we could borrow thy golden coins. See, the village has protected the people for oh so ever long. And to see such a oh so magnificent creation just go out the window. We need your help. NEURO$PACE. Fine, thou may have some of my gold, but for a price. For one-thousand years, thou shall have a curse on thy name. Thy family shall bring on diseases to the world. And be the bane of Earth's existance. The Spanish Flu, the Coronavirus, will all be brought by thy choice today. Do thee want to go along and carry this curse?. Yes, O mighty king. If it means that life shall be brought'th back to the people  o' th' village. Hahaha. As you wish.... Neurospace is among you.... [Chorus: RJLDiablo]. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. . [Verse: RJLDiablo]. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but R.J. the G.O.A.T.. Got your bitch suckin' my throat. Yeah, and I make that bitch choke. I bought that a bitch a new choker. Ayy, wait, get out the way. I'm going on tour in a couple days. You talk bits but I ain't afraid. Yeah, bitch, I wan' fuck but I don't wanna date. All of my uncles is tryna conversate. People know that I'm quiet but want me to speak anyway. Like, "Get out the way". I nagged for the bag, for the bag, now I got me a bae (Ayy, bih'). Hmm, I'm feelin' like Shaq, seven feet in the back. And they all from some bitches who made me relapse. And they say I'm the best, even though I be stressed. But I praise 'em a lot 'cause they know which game I infest. Goated, bitch, yeah, yeah, yeah (Bih'). You might also like[Chorus: RJLDiablo]. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. N-N-Nag, get the bag, fuck yo' nan, she a hag. My bitch nagged, got the bag, now she flying out to France. Mbants, on a rant, like Kanye West, but I'm a phantom. N-N-Nag, get the bag, n-n-nag, get the bag. . [Post-Chorus: RJLDiablo]. Get the bag, get the bag. Get the bag, get the bag. Get the bag, get the bag (Bih'). Get the bag, bih'. . [Bridge: RJLDiablo]. The weird sisters, hand in hand. Posters of the sea and land. Thus do go about, about. Thrice to thine and thrice to mine. [Outro: RJLDiablo]. Oh, see some skies up in the sky. You still wanna see all my beliefs. And I don't even know. Why you wanna spend your time with me. I'm a monster, baby, can you not see?Embed