Some said I wasn't gonna show up. Well, that's what the talking's about. But I show up to the showdown. To show off when the show's on for all of the crowd. I am here; applyin' fear, like a .44 or a hawk in your mouth. When somebody forces you to withdraw an amount. More than a mortgage and house out of your storage account. I am fear, like walking towards that last zombie corpse on the ground after you've used all of your rounds. And you're not sure if he's down. You are scared, it's unfair, that's why he needs to bring his mates to portray he's some John Gotti. But our names says it all. He needs an Arsonal and I just need that one Shotty. "We don't talk about guns here, sunshine!". Because you don't know the customs in our bits. London man will roll up to the club with two old muskets rolled up in a carpet folded under their armpits. Unroll the rug to expose the type of guns that look like trumpets or something you used to use for hunt in safaris. Point it right in your face. Without so much than a yard between the gun and the target. Buck will put the finishing touches. To the Predator look this motherfucker has started. Tell that crab with the dreads he isn't fucking with Arnie. But wait, I'm a white guy, from England. And I have no business talking about that "Crip" shit. But I do want to talk about that bitch shit. When you nearly got your wig split by Trick Trick. You told him you didn't know Shotgun Suge. Then got on stage and admitted that you did, prick. Soon as you let that shit slip. We saw your face change and your pitch shift. You noticed you wasn't in your district. You was probably on his hitlist, so you gave Calicoe the puppy dog eyes and tried hopping onto his dick. You denied knowing Suge like Peter denied Jesus. We can take this shit to the Biblics!. Whereas I will die for my brothers. And those I have chose to live with. I will refer to those from all religions. I don't promote the Holy Scriptures. All I'm saying, the minute you deny the folks you sit with. It exposed the bitch in that soldier image. What did you think, bro? You was gonna roll to England. And face some over British Chauffer-driven. Bloke that flows about tea, toast and biscuits. Crickets and bowling wickets?. What did you think, I wouldn't expose you like the photo pictures. Loaded up by Loaded Lux of Calicoe when he was goin' swimmin'?. Pussy, know your limits!. What did you think, bro?. I wasn't as cold as most of them old folks in your own division. And I would have leaved you voted with them?. I don't give a fuck if it's no votes and no decisions. The people at home have a right to their own opinions. And the polls and posts are gonna show the business. This is for the folks at home to witness – focus, listen. How can this man hear me?. I'm leaving Arsonal in a predicament like Van Persie. When they transferred him. You wanna talk about gat burstin' and crack servin'. Pussy, I know you don't put that work in. Only time Arsonal lets shooters go is to Mancini or that twat Fergie. Says he's a gangsta though. But if he's catching bodies then why's he touring?. If they've got warrants out for the Glocks he's fired. And he opt to fly then the cops'll find him, surely?. But when they did that background check-out. And his background checked out. They didn't stop him tryin' to board it. It was like they finished top 4 the way Arsonal qualified for Europe. DON'T FLOP ALL FUCKING DAY!. [Round 1: Arsonal]. Once again I'm here, in another cracker's country. In another cracker's face, takin' another cracker's money. Now if this cracker crack a smile. I'ma say ain't nothin' fuckin' funny. You are ugly; in the UK, Arsenal's a household name. A known fact that'll get you far. Wait, I used that against Conceited. I gotta give this Shotty bitch a different bar. My last two opponents both sniffed coke. But through a different straw. Since you like football, I'll chop your head off your shoulders, mate. And kick that shit before it hit the floor. You'd sure fly across this room. Break every lamp and dent the door. All before it fall into the GOAL! I did all that just to score. You the type to put a date rape drug in a drink, don't hit the whore. You got too much pride to ask for my "ortograrf". So you still ask me for my signature. Now, last night I was this close to dick his lover. I walked out the bedroom to get the rubber. Come back, lift the covers. His bitch in my bed… fuckin' Stifler's mother. Little freak bitch, every day of the week bitch. She wanna snap into a Slim Jim. Ooh yeah, and slobber on that beef stick. Real talk, no jokin', I'll fuck you up on some G shit. Then do it again a lil' different and call it the "Beat Yo' Ass Remix". Wait, wait, wait, I said that too. Ness was the Beat Yo' Ass Remix. So Shotty, I might have to beat yo' ass truly. They gon' film me beatin' yo' ass and make a Beat Yo' Ass movie. I'ma get ass off beatin' yo' ass. From one of these Beat Yo' Ass groupies. Then have my homeboys come carjack you. For your beat-up ass hoopdie. Now, I feel as though the best place to write rhymes is on the toilet or on an aircraft. I mean, I see straight through the garbage you got in store for me. Your raps clear trash. Now, I'll strap you on a new year Jag doing 95 on a deathpath. So when you crash, syringe needles and razors pop out the airbag. You got a vest on? Headshot. You got a helmet? Neckshot. Ruger in my right hand, two straps, in the left Glock. It's funny how your body went from flesh to a wet spot. I'm squeezin' down on my left and right trigger to shoot. Like I'm still playin' my Xbox. What would you do for a Klondike?. Let me guess, you'd fuck that Big Ang bitch from the Mob Wives. That Blicker ring, I'm hittin' things. Your whole career was just side swiped. Unanymous intervened. DNA throw him in the chicken wing without the fried rice. Now, to beat me, you gon' need street fighters: Ken and Ryu. You gon' need Megan Good's mom's voodoo doll from Eve's Bayou. Two midgets on mopeds with broke legs to breeze by you. And a book on how to deceive, that means Adam need Eve's bible. You big fag, I'll run up on your pop, slap his dad. Give him whiplash, then put a hand grenade in his shitbag. You a bitch-ass cracker who wouldn't ride if this was Six Flags. I swear to God, I'll put every word on the stitchin' on my Crip flag. I'm out in London on some ape shit. Grape shit, bandana on my face shit. Have him muted, this nigga wouldn't say shit. He unable to talk: he the nigga to catch a case with!. I'll call him "Amnesia": your memory get erased quick. Let me put my hands up and step back for this. 'Cause if you a G in any way, shape or form, you should react to this. If you got any respect for the relatives that passed. I should get slapped for this. What I'm sayin' is, I shouldn't be able to say another motherfuckin' word after this. But I'm glad your uncle dead, fathead. He wasn't nothin' but a knucklehead crackhead. With a head full of ringworms and a face full of blackheads. He deserved to get caught in the crossfire when that MAC spread. And if God gave him a second chance at life. I'd wish him back dead!. On some wild guy shit, I'd go to his grave, dig him up. Chop his body and smoke his ashes on some How High shit. And as soon as his ghost appear. I'ma turn into Dan Aykroyd and hit him with that Ghostbuster. Just to make sure the coast is clear. And when I meet him in the Upper Room. After the angels bring supper to him. I swear to God, we gon' stomp him in front of Jesus. Me and a hundred goons. Now, if I'm lyin', I'm dyin' and I ain't dead, so here's the topic. Last night, I was on a stage at a rave. And a crowd was formin' a moshpit. I seen a nigga gettin' shot, brutally beat, dropkicked. And a Vietnamese gangsta done stabbed a nigga with a chopstick. I'm thinkin' in my head, "Damn, that's some nasty-ass shit!". Out the corner of my eye, I see this nasty-ass bitch. It was Shotty Horroh's mom flashin' them saggy-ass tits. I told my dawg put his paws on her, he Lil' Scrappy'd that bitch. Three minutes!. Listen, I get love in the room from the men, women and children. And tell that fuckin' security guard I'm the only thug in the building. You might also like[Round 2: Shotty Horroh]. This is Saw, I am Jigsaw – you wanna play a game, don?. Don't Flop got some kinda hype. And you've tried to walk through this door with that sensor beam. So I constructed a trap attached to the frame's lock. A 12-gauge prop with its aim locked and a brain shot. Soon as you get your foot in the chain pops. Breaks off, forcing a mechanism to press the trigger. And give him ghostface features like a tape of Raekwon's. What I'm saying is, it's a trap; he walked into that Sensa. And walked into a Shotty takin' his face off!. You wanna box like Rocky, we can do that ASAP. I'm Diddy behind them hooks like, "Take that! Take that!". Your boys might jump in, you look like Wale so they may back. But you in England right now. And I know this one motherfucker called "Payback". You gonna dread locking up with me. This won't be no close shave, fam. You won't let the chrome spark. You have no arms, I should've battled Ahab. I'm about to go from the culture you oppose of. And vulture-look at the money grab and make cash. See, I'm about the science, he's about the math. That means we are not the same class. I roll up on him while he's listenin' to his Drake tracks. With a blade that'll take off that Lil Wayne mask. [Ghetts: He's fucking gassing me up!]. You'll pull out Squidward's clarinet, but you don't play that. You'll have blades travel down you faster than skate ramps. Or Wesley Snipes on a train track. You're fake, I'm in a position to say that. 'Cause when I'm gonna off man like Dustin. I'll see all the matches like Rain Man. He sounds like he about to say. "Hey! Smokey back here takin' a shit!". That makes me think that you blaze crack. You this hyper 'cause you burn stones in white Ace cans. And you're ashamed, so you cover up the burning like Kane's mask. So you moved down south?. They're just gonna start finding your needles in haystacks. Addiction is a sickness, you are ill – that's why you hate Smack. Every time you hear his name you want to do 8 grams. And make a vein collapse. And stop talkin' about midgets, 'cause I motherfuckin' hate that!. No, no, that's not it. I'm sayin' midgets are really cool people. But they are though, they're just misunderstood. And just for that. I hope an Oompa Loompa gives a footrub to your mum. She ends up with an Ewok in her mouth and a munchkin in her cunt. Wankin' seven dwarves while Mini-Me and Willow cover her in cum. You could never talk about people's physical appearances when you look like both Kenan and Kel. You look up to small people. You wanna be like Illmac and Conceited as well. You believe midgets are little magical demons with spells. That don't receive any L's. And that's why he dropped to his knees against Dizaster. Just to see if it would help. Look at his face though, he's scared to death. What kind of fucking Crip shows up to the bits wearing red?!. . [Round 2: Arsonal]. I knew you would say somethin' about my battle with Dizaster. That's your downfall, Shotty, you one predictable-ass rapper. Your girlfriend got the same physical features as Fat Bastard. Her stomach stick out further than her booty do. That bitch literally ass-backwards. Let a nigga come to my city talkin' them real-nigga lines. I'ma show him, in my city we like to kill niggas' moms. See, all the real niggas is dead or in jail. Only a few real niggas rhyme. I never seen a clock or a casket in a cell. So in my book, Smack, ain't no such thing as real nigga time. Y'all wanna know why I didn't battle on the last Smack?. You can have that, that ain't even what I'm mad at. I'll change numbers, if they can't dial Jones. They stock drop like the Nasdaq. I'll pistol whip your skull 'til Calicoe get his dad back. I said no fingerprints on the gun, my gloves made out of Glad Wrap. So if I hit you with a straight right, then you entitled to jab back. I'm tryin' new shit in this battle, experimentin' with a lab rat. I ain't even takin' you serious. This some comical shit to laugh at. I can never get tired of fans, I mean as long as it's not a Stan. I went from Math to a Klu Klux Klan member hologram. You look like a white supremist chemist that's part of a Taliban. Who talk tough in his rap, with the heart of Juwanna Mann. I'll snatch your soul like Shang Tsung. Slit your throat with Kitana fan. Then grab the Robert Downey Jr. off my waist. That's that iron, man. I own UW battle league, but I started in the Lionz Den. I'll have you in a coffin tellin' stories. That mean in a casket you lyin' in. That'll teach this homie not to ever falsify again. My mission's to defeat you 'til they greet you in a higher land. I'm in a riot van, strapped like a cop, dressed like a fireman. When my cannon start wildin' out, I ain't talkin' Mariah man. Now let me ask you: have you ever been in a jail cell?. Have you ever heard a Ruger go off besides Hell Rell?. Do you have the mind-power to turn a dyke bitch into a girl girl?. And get the same beats free that Kanye and Pharell sell?. No, 'cause you ain't like me, now you don't like me. You threatenin' to swing, just do it! Oh, you ain't Nike. Eurgh said you the best and I shouldn't take you lightly. But I only came to fuck three British bitches and sightsee. This is no comparison, switchblade your abdomen. Squeeze down your vocal chords, Shotty'll never rap again. In a few days the whole world'll see what these cameras capturin'. A million views guaranteed and I bet you they want me back again. I'm streetsmart and book smart. White boy, you just look smart. If life was an automobile, it's a Suburban. And you only gon' find me in the hood parts. Let me break that down, I said: I'm streetsmart and book smart. White boy, you just look smart. If life was an automobile, it's in the suburbs. And you only gon' find me in the hood parts. Obviously I was brought up 'round poverty. Psychologically, I got the mind power to separate you from the thug that you disguised to be. Since views don't lie and I got the whole world watchin' me. A science lesson is what this gotta be. On how to break down an Adam properly. Now, I wanted to physically get at him. So I went on Twitter to add him. I found out his name was Adam. So I gotta break down an Adam. See, the definition of "atom" is the basic unit of matter. So when your mother named you Adam. She was inferring, basically, you didn't matter. Same name, spelt different, but with the same definition. I mean if Adam and atom is Adam, I mean, that ain't repetition. But if Adam's without Eve, then men are strong and he's livin' proof. But you a faggot, 'cause you let a pussy trick you. Into bitin' the forbidden fruit. That's when God sent me down here. To snatch every bit of confidence from your conscience. Since you tried and convince the world of your accomplishments I'm your consequence. I'ma derail the niggas you ridin' with. Televise the shit, revise the script. Then keep on shootin' rounds out a chopper clip. Now, I could break down your life in eight bars. You really ain't hard, you a fake fraud who used to play ball. In battle rap you the Ray Charles, meaning you ain't seein' nobody. But actin' like beatin' me really ain't hard. Your chances slimmer than Big T in China. Runnin' a marathon on the Great Wall. Wait, y'all, if he front linin', I'll shoot him in his 8-ball. All y'all clothes gon' be red like y'all was hit with all red paintballs. My goons travel with me, so I barely gotta make calls. You wanna be a leader?. Stand in front of LeBron on a fast break, nigga, take charge. I hate y'all… and "hate" is a strong word. But I just cooked, killed, buried this nigga – them all verbs. An action word describin' the pain that I caused. And it all serves the same purpose. Your life's a circus, you clown niggas is all herbs. You a herb, I'm a smoker though. I'm walkin' round with a Pinocchio. That's a long nose with a long range so I'm hittin' targets in Tokyo. When that bullet hits you, it make you say "Aah". You my Jun Jun, you Lil' Romeo. You a bitch and a snitch so I'm lettin' all your little homies know. Now, like I said before…. Everybody in the building love me: men, women and children. Tell the security guard one more time. I'm the only thug in this building!. . [Round 3: Shotty Horroh]. Eurgh, this is my main event? I'm not even part stressed. That's some cheap Wayne lookin' T-Pain fell asleep on a park bench with a large head lookin' like a Klingon from Star Trek. He loves Crippin' up, but since he fucks with them Bloods. He's an unfinished book 'cause he's part red. But who you reppin', dude?. You're both red and blue, like the second suit of Clark Kent. Well, I'm the Kryptonite to this Crip tonight. Lex Luther, forget Mook, I'm your arch-nemesis, heartless. What happens when those Bloods and Crips have a disagreement?. What does your heart rep?. Do you rep that flag, and dead that man. 'Cause his garms red, even though you half-bred?. Or do you rep the friendship you have. From standin' next to that man through war talk and calm threats. And kill your own like Saddam's men and Bin Laden?. What did you think, there was no space in my graveyard left?. This is wrong, I mean Ron, you could never give AR tests. You say your hands blue like hypothermia?. That's not what my gangsta radar said. All you Reds and Blues flaggin' together look like the Union Jack. And you can get your little union jacked for tryna claim our set!. This is a blue gettin' caught red-handed. Same time I'll have his palms read. I can read your future, it says if you ever had Horroh scope. You was tryna find out what the alignment of the stars said. I don't know a shadow about the Tarot. But let me tell you what the cards read: murder. Plus I shuffle with a half deck, and every singe card's "death". This is how it's meant to be done. Here's how you decompile an arsenal into fractions and bits. This is someone that claims to have beat Dizaster. This is someone that actually did!. With all due respect it's not about the flag that you grip. It's about the fact that your mans a slag with a dick. That will shag her actual kids. For a drag off your spliff or a packet of crisps. Let's talk about his mum though, 'cause she's a slut. Her pussy's got Fallopian tubes. That are growing and ooze. That's left the pussy swollen and bruised. And smelling like smouldering fumes. Every time your dad tries to poke with his tool. He disturbs a million crabs tryin' to go for a snooze. As they hold on her pubes. She got fucked off every rapper in here. On camera, it looked like an actual cypher. I mean I fucked her, she got passed to Delypher. She had Unan and Pamflit beside her, passing a cider. Shit, we need some more camera angles on her nasty vagina. So we opened up the fucking nasty vagina. Put BodyBagnall and his camera and flyer. Shit, even Sam the graphic designer smashed her. And passed on the flyer!. Now you're in another cracker's face. On another cracker's stage, wishin' that he didn't battle. Oh my god, Shotty done fucked another kid up. Hip hop Jimmy Saville!. And your dreads look stupid as fuck!. You're always causing fights in your battles. I find that shit more than pathetic. I find it ironic that the source of the beef is always da relish. . [Round 3: Arsonal]. I blame you, white boy, for 100 years of slavery. Don't play with me, you seen me murder a nigga from A to Z. But that was a tutorial, I was just teachin' niggas to see the way. I knew my alphabet since 3. I'm 25, don't you know I can kill a nigga from Z to A?. For example: I'll hit him why he nappin' catchin' Z's. Your brother ask, "Why (Y) you do that?". I say his ex (X) pay for it. And if she double, you (W) gettin' blew back. I got a red op like the V A in the mornin'. With a folder full of missions with pictures and you (U) on it. 9 under my T-shirt, passenger of that S-Class. Comin' to where you are (U, R), any questions: just ask. Any Q-uestions, just ask. I got a half a P on my trunk, two O's on the dashboard. Listenin' to "Renegade" and Em (N, M) verse on fast forward. L lit, so I'm smokin', O-K, I'm a pot head. Murdered this white bitch like O-J to get away from the cop feds. See, I know that this gold H on my belt cost lots of dough. And as a G it's up to me to make the choice that I gotta flow. If I see your bitch I'ma F her, on sight, no effort. Give her two E pills and give her hard D for breakfast. Now you see (C) how intelligent I can be (B). When I'm on my A game. That was the alphabetical "orda" "slorta". In reverse, Shotty Horroh. Now, they say, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Quick draw, you wouldn't see it as it rises from the holster. 'Cause my shooter is my driver, he disguises as a chauffeur. To keep the element of surprise but bring the violence a lil' closer. If you don't understand that, then your street-smarts is on retard. And you was brought into this world. With a default called a weak heart. Your little brother trick-or-treat, I'll spray anthrax on his Sweet Tarts. Then write a rhyme, describin' the crime. Spittin' a line as soon as the beat start. You a fag! – wait, I'm not gonna call you a fag. 'Cause like DNA said, out here "fag" means cigarette. But you a bitch-ass nigga!. Wait, you white, you ain't even a nigga yet!. You a punk-ass white boy who gets tough over the Internet. Facin' an ignant-ass black nigga full of hatred and disrespect. So I close my eyes and drift off into a journey. My mind takes me there… BOOM!. I awake in front of a grown-ass white boy with no facial hair. I'll visit your mom at the doc while she gettin' that pre-natal care. Slice her Achilles' tendon. Open and snatch the newborn baby out of the ankle-chair. Now, all that tough guy "rawr-rawr" shit need to get left alone. You was pronounced dead at the signin' when this was set in stone. Desert Eagle tucked in my linin', you know that weapon chrome. Pistol whip his jaw, I broke his English. Now his broken English even relyin' on Rosetta Stone. What happened to Lab battles? It's funny how shit change. UW had two events, nine battles total, thirteen big names. I hire top tier niggas to fuck each other over, then I flip change. So I'm not only a pimp, my nigga. I'm a mastermind in the pimp game. How dare you try to compete. When I do this shit in my sleep?. I'm the farmer, you the sheep. You couldn't shit out what I eat. You'll be constipated for weeks. I done dominated the streets. Shotty, I'll face fuck your mom while she ovulate in the sheets. See, 'cause I'm the nigga that be tryna get ya. And cause problems with ya. Chopper hit ya, doctor stitch ya. Headshot, your mama miss ya. No blunt, no rolled up papers, when I finally get ya. I'ma cremate you and smoke your ashes out a Bible scripture. I'm disrespectful, I'll scratch my balls then tap your face. I'll smoke a blunt in a confession booth. While confessin' to Pastor Mase. Look at you for 9 minutes with the "this nigga is average"-face. Then breakdown how your girl love to suck dick. Then tongue kiss you with the aftertaste. She try some new shit with me. The car is on the wrong side of the road. The steering wheel on the wrong side of the car. I'm in the passenger seat, she suckin' my dick while she drivin'. That must be some English shit!. Red light means "Blow, bitch," green light when she stoppin'. We get to our destination, it's niggas waitin' to put their cock in. If I'da knew she was into gangbang. Fuck comin' to England, I woulda flew that bitch to Compton. Ruger on my waistline, Buddha got me space blind. How you gon' take charge when my shooter's on the base line?. See, it was all a joke 'til this intruder tried to take mine. I put the seven in your chest. And capture the shootin' all on FaceTime. 'Cause I'm a bad mother-shutcho. Rusty screwdriver through your ribs, I'll let your guts show. Throw him off the roof: call him nutso. I got goons you ain't never see before: no MC Gusto. 40 niggas, 80 straps, big body, Mercedes black. I'm here to bring the 80s back. When niggas in the streets had beef they had to pay for that. Hand-held .22 that could probably fit in a baby lap. Bodybag, homicide… on the dirt, on the grass. I don't give a fuck, I'm just rappin', yup, I'm tryna spaz. Shotty, guess what? I just kicked fuckin' Shotty ass. Shotty in a bodybag, your bodybag in a—. . [Random person in crowd: Bodybag!]. . No! In a bodycast!. Now, tell the truth. Why you ain't come to America and battle me in a man league?. You look like the type of nigga. To sniff the car seat right after your man leave. Now, that's some nasty-ass homo shit. Now, I know you seen Dizaster get Dojo kicked. You better be lucky that this battle on some promo shit. 'Cause I'm famous for the same sport that got Miguel Cotto rich. And look, I'm done with this white boy; I like you, my man. I'm gon'— oh, alright, he don't wanna swipe with my hand. But guess what? It's cool, it's cool!. 'Cause the last white boy who tried me. Eurgh, tell him what I did… I dropped that nigga body!14Embed