I pray you never leave me. Don’t let this cruel world deceive me. I’m still workin’ my whole life. Still tryna run and they [?]. . [Verse 1: Sylvan LaCue]. Money, women, and chaos. Blinded by the allure, promise land of the payoff. Rose gold and victors, little time, the trade off. All for the the radar. Nights in Calabasas, offers from Medusa. Liquor fountains abroad. Lost city of angels, overthrown by the stars. Landscapes and hugs. Handshakes and drugs. Party favors from strangers, no registration for love. When lust heals your soul. Validation from demons, my trust kneels below. How you fuck up the money and still rush the show?. Over statin’ my messages. Way too many chains to be hung up on this necklace. Hennessy for supper, two ibuprofens for breakfast. These lost nights nice, but the mornings be treacherous. I know I should’a kept it the God way. Bout’ to do it again, hate to learn it the hard way. Peace, nigga. [Hook: Sylvan LaCue][3x]. I pray you never leave me. Don’t let this cruel world deceive me. I’m still workin’ my whole life. Still tryna [?]. . [Beat Switch]. . [Verse 2: Sylvan LaCue]. Cadence, uh. Flow get to choppin like I’m jaden. Time will only tell if I was ready. Fuck being petty, I could never concentrate on somethin’ I don’t give a shit about. Rollin’ through the city with some homies who don’t ever think twice. Used be the man, they say. Used to have it all, now you climbing from the bottom. Fickle man, how can I approach this. They love you they hate you, they love you again. Roman with the pen. Ziggler with the execution. Let the story begin. These niggas told me I was scared of bein’ *bleep* (I AIN’T SCARED NIGGA I AIN’T SCARED). Fuck it, I ain’t even judgin’. Back when I was sidelined. Mouth shut, waves out in public. Now it’s me and my squad. Wise till’ I die. Fuck about what I said on my last record, stop askin’. Tip top fashion, I rose from the ashes. A phoenix could never compare to me. This shit is like air to me. You niggas trying to hard. I barely give effort with it, been prayin’ for my brother. 16 in the world where these xan's flooding. Gotta check a nigga. Hate to see my youngn's nodding out before they catch a bigger peak of the world that we lost in. Often I go off in a tangent speaking on this bullshit game. Only rapping so you mothafuckas feel my pain. And what I get? 25 living. Swear to God it's a blessing a black male even made it alive. Still got homies in the grave a surprise. If it wasn’t me I,  could’ve probably ended up like B-I-G. Niggas woulda had me rap sheet, T.I. See my reasoning for being in a position I'm in is progress. Beyond cycles niggas following. Ain’t enough to suck the dick, muhfuckas is swallowing. Still I say solomon I miss when real nigga prevailed & the weak squandered in minutes theory appolo'ing... You might also likeThis shit is elementary. I need a bad bitch, chemistry, and some peace of mind over Hennessy. Fuck any enemy, no befriending me. Please, I still get offers. No dickriders man, please get off us. Cops killing kids man, please don’t off us. And all we wanna do is set up shops in office. I’m a kill it, I promise that’s how I know ya mad. Started treating my city like some shoulder pads. Successful its stressful but best believe I’m the one to bring excitement back. Nonbelievers, no time for that. Why you think a nigga up and left last year. It’s looking like the game need more change, and I’mma be  the mothafuckin cashier. Like that1Embed