Or maybe we just like being afraid. Maybe we just so used to it at this point that it's just a part of us. Part of our culture. Security alert on orange. It's been on orange since '01 G. I mean what's up man. Can't a brother get yellow man. Just for like two months or something. God damn. Sick o' that. Mic check. . The groove is dead so I'm a rhyme like a lunatic. I do this shit with an unassuming wit. The corporation conjured up the bass and the tempo. My name is Liff, that's the intro, now let's go. . The flow of life throwing strife into the mix. The big dark condition and the word is sick. The powers that be. A power in me. To speak a cause. Stress and strife that I see every day. And more to speak upon. Culture of fear. It's up in your ear. They're telling us terrorists about to strike. May be tonight. Right. Let me just back up slowly. With critical analysis of those who control me. It used to be we just had a screen in the crib. On the TV. But now we carry screens when we leave see. Laptops smart phones now we're never alone. A new affliction I call it media dome. But on the road famine is the programming. You want to watch a favorite show because it's so slamming. Hold hands and let's gaze into the beautiful glare. While we're here so immersed in this culture of fear. You might also likeWe fear the IRS, fear the INS. Fear God. I'm more afraid of the credit card than the terror squad. . Weapons overseas. Mastercard and visa want to buy me the greed. They deceive. The enemy is in the fine print. They assassinate sally. With no sense of the selling. . Represent an element ahead. A sentiment that you feel on the road for real. The deal starts with a spark concludes with a hand shake. Physical to alter the subliminal landscape. Relief thinking I can really trust that guy. To be honest could have should have really punched that guy. Now it's operation shank a banker. Thank you for the loan. See you when you come to repossess my home. Alone at night sweating with visions of Armageddon. I never seen the threat. Yet I feel threatened. Parts of our society designed to smear. Freedom don't succumb to this culture of fear. Fear fear fear. Don't succumb to this culture of fear. Fear fear fear. Don't succumb to this culture of fearEmbed