Also includes recs from other users, which are featured further down below in the Bonus Section!The Most Specific Playlists You'll Ever Hope to FindHits of the Moment- ~lauren's hits of the moment ~. . The main hits playlist. The first edition of this playlist goes all the way back to 2015, and it wasn't even on Spotify then, but on uhh...Deezer. Since 2017, the playlist has migrated to Spotify, where it remains to this day. I switch up the songs every week or so, depending on how long until I get tired of them. The genres on this playlist are EDM (Dubstep, Melodic Dubstep, Drumstep, Trap, Future Bass, House, Electro) and Rock (Alternative, Metalcore, Post-Hardcore). It's kinda funny to watch the chaotic see-saw this playlist is. Some weeks, it's almost entirely EDM, and then other weeks, it's almost entirely Rock, or just teetering in the middle, with some overlaps from my other playlists sprinkled in. I also switch up the playlist cover - currently it's a leaf sheep, a tiny sea slug that has the great fortune to look like a cartoon sheep - and I don't think I'll be changing that for now. If you're not into hard-hitting stuff (aww, the leaf sheep's sad), there's still..... . - ~ lauren's other hits of the moment ~. . Yes, my other hits of the moment. This playlist was born super recently, because I listen to so many genres that I've given up on ever trying to reconcile songs on the same playlist. Also referred to as my chiller hits of the moment, because it covers Pop, Indie/Alternative, and occasionally Rap and Hip Hop. It's also kind of dead right now, so um...I haven't updated it in ages. All the exciting stuff is happening on my main playlist. If you're wondering what cute fowl graces the playlist's cover, it's a burrowing owl. COOT!. get it? It's COOT, because it's cute, but also 'cause HOOT. Ah nvm, that was dumb.Nostalgic Trips- ~ trip back to 2019 ~. . My top hits from 2019.. - ~ trip back to early 2020 ~. . My top hits from early 2020.. . -  ~ lauren's top hits of 2020 ~. . My manually compiled take on Spotify Wrapped, since I use iTunes way more than I do Spotify. My Wrapped for 2019 was actually accurate, because I used it more then, but as you might guess, I've lately become salty about the ads and semi-migrated to my personal iTunes library. Note: The playlist would be 100 songs long, but a few on my iTunes version aren't available on Spotify.Playlists Where I Actually Care About the Atmosphere- c h i l l - b o p s. . My favorite chill pop/indie/alternative songs that I've picked up over the years for that sad, quiet atmosphere to cry over.. . - ~fave study stuffs ~. . and. . - ~ c h i l l - l o f i - b e a t s ~. . My top fave instrumental lo-fi and electronic tracks to loop while studying. I do love my head-bangers, but when I'm in the mood, a good, repetitive lo-fi beat can really boost concentration. So yeah, feel free to borrow this playlist for your own study sessions. Wishing ya best of luck! This playlist may not give you a clear complexion, a clear head, and a clear life, but it may help with your focus. Know that I'm rooting for you too. :3. . - ~ chill dub beats ~. . Apparently all my atmosphere playlists (except my hits of the moment playlists, ofc) begin with the word "chill". I don't really know why, but here's a playlist with my favorite gentler melodic dubstep tracks, to listen to when I'm not head-banging.Very Specific Playlists- ~ the picnic ~. . Yep! That's right, this is a playlist of all the great songs with very edible titles. A whole musical picnic!. . - i need me some melatonin. All song titles in this playlist have something to do with sleep. Why did I make it? Well, it was somewhere around 4 AM, and my delirious brain decided randomly to make it. Don't question the delirious brain.. . - b a d. . My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined. Anything with "bad" in the title, really. Need I say more?. . - oops, i think i dropped something. CRASH! splinter...splink Yep, anything with a sufficiently shattered title is a match for this playlist!. . - when they ask you how you are and you say that you're fine but you're not really fine and you just can't get into it. . Probably concerning, but eh, I'm fine. heh The title's so long on this one, I had to move part of it into the playlist description, but anyway, all songs on this have depressing titles. Yeah, pretty much.. . - lonely sad boi hours. . Anything with "lonely" in the title, and yep, lonely gang!. . - ~ colors wow amazing cool ~. Insert anime WOW effect Colors everywhere! Songs with a color in their title qualify for this playlist.. . - seasons. . All seasonal-themed songs I know of are featured on this festive playlist. Forget about Four Seasons, just listen to this one.. - when u r too lzy to teep. . Uk tfw u r too lzy to teep anything? Here's the playlist for u, enjoy.. . - ~ all that glitters is not gold ~. . Everything shinee qualifies for this playlist. Also, if a wizard person shows up, I will personally bring up my hard copy of The Hobbit and scream excitedly.BONUS SECTIONMissing Manatee NoticeMost Quizzical Transcriptions"Nindo" by Jessica Audiffred"The Fifth Purge" by Lev3l"Something In The Water" by Tynan"Silver" by She Was Silver"Body Bag" by Haunta, Decimate, & Blankface"More Than This" by DirtySnatcha & Matt Doe"Wook Flu" by Decimate & Rico Act"Sup?" by Sweet Teeth"Death Kneel" by Gladez, Rico Act, & Hairitage"Nasty" by Jantsen"Voices" by Bluhtii"Yammin" by Runnit"Mad About" by GAWM"Imminent Death" by NXSTY & Sweet Teeth"Suffocate" by Decimate"Dirt Pit" by Chassi"Computer Noises" by CVPTVGON & Psyoctave"Wraith" by Codd Dubz & BAINBRIDGE"IBS" by Gl0bal & RICKFLXX"Terror" by Evilnoiz"Souffle" by Brunchbeats & Redrum"By A Thread" by ill.gates & Eko Zu"Soulja March" by Bear Grillz"Rage Pit" by Skellism & NVRENDS"So Long" by Whales & Micah Martin"No Feelings" by Izzy Vadim & Head Treats"Sentenced To Death" by AlienPark"Pop Off" by RAZR & Vastive"Found Us" by Last Heroes"Running After Us" by yetep & Nick Ledesma"broken" by yetep"New Beginnings" by D I V I N I T Y & OIÜ and the accompanying remix EP"Echelon" by Kai Wachi"All My Thoughts" by Dion Timmer & Lucii"Ikari" by Dion Timmer & G-REX"Broken Pieces" by Dion Timmer & ExcisionLuna's Dragon Hall of FameFeatured Dragons of the Week. Spreedsheet Born of ScopeY, guarded by Knight Guardian ScopeY himselfSong Recs From Other Users!ScopeY- “Say the Name” by clipping.. . - "State Prisoner" by Black Thought. . - "JASON" by Elzhi. . - "Lemon" by Conway the Machine. . - "a few words for the firing squad (radiation)" by Run The JewelsBenRodz- "I'm Ready" by Jaden. . - "Eleven" by Khalidjambi- "Lateralus" by Tool. . - "Ephedra" by My Sleeping Karma. . - "What Is This Thing Called Love" by Editors. . - "New Day" by Karnivool. . - "Polar Bear" by Puscifer. . - "Roulette Dares (The Haunt of)" by The Mars Volta. . - "Astronaut" by Wintersleep. . - "Little Things" by Bush. . - "Human" by Metallica. . - "Kansas Storm" by BucketheadMemes That Just Butter My Egg RollNote: I accidentally deleted the old edition of this playlist, so the new one I've tried to re-make might be missing stuff. If you know of any egg-cellent (I'm sorry lmaoo) vines and memes this playlist is lacking, just drop me a message and I'll be sure to add it ASAP.Sesquipedalian/Archaic Insults or Fun Phrases to Use and Annoy All Your Friendsif you have any left, that is. . - You dastardly, flipped, jiggling plate of custard!. . - You pusillanimous, lily-livered snit!. . - You discombobulated, lackadaisical toaster!. . - You overcooked, vermilion sliced shrimp!. . - You pitiful, butter-slathered platter of spinach!9Embed