Yeah you know what it is Funk Flex. Hot97.com. In flex we trust dot com. We out here so digital. ASAP MOB You see. You see ya ya know so we gonna freestyle. Or what Young blood. I gotta start it off young Lord. Ready Twelvv. [Verse 1: ASAP Rocky]. I'm like new big gal maybe you. Know who the boss is. Last vac run - got a mouthful of the. Phone's jibs no secret left his nose. Leaking like the faucet. Bahamas for the. Weekend cuz you know we like the floors. Big. Hot 97 chillin for flex. We trust we the best thing. We do with the best and. We rep to the death you already know. I Believe I'm in my pasture Thanksgiving. On my ass. Got a bad bitch top ten while. I smash old passed. A couple hittin chuckles in the last and I'm in my past. You won't even stunt like a nigga girl. Y'all bring out my bag niggas couldn't. Do it fuck it I'm getting flyer. Than the motherfucking flyer if you invited. Anybody from the White House to try it I. Mean the nigga so pescetarian I could go on diets. Going dice but you know I start riots. Skip better keep it quiet. I got them.. I got the... yeah. You might also like[Interlude]. Killah keep it going. Keep it going Freestylin. Ferg is down one time. . [Verse 2: ASAP Ferg]. Like chicks in spandex and Lumberjacks know. Had to match razor blade in the doobie rap. Just in case of bitch act to get a. Wig push back catch a fucking bullet. Like warmer set. Could she stay with the. Mat and fucking backpack she rather roll. The four five six and head crack huh. And the moms always catch a fucking heart. Attack talk about fuck Steve bird he. Wears flat because I dropped out of. School and nut job slack miss work gotta. Wake up in here my mom's Jack cuz 7:15. May do it. See you niggas chromed i6 and then they. Do it huh you see the streets got colors. And they're using it mama told me not to. Be you're fooling don't use the shit. It's cold 40-below. Gonna in the booting shit ready start. Shooting shit like I'm Bishop juicing. World and you don't want to end up like. Stare we're still to your grill cuz you. Didn't wanna fucking peel. Shit is real did I kick them they're. Broke can avoid smoke so I get harmful. Let's show a blue look up ASAP nigga oh. It's a squirrel talking shut Youngblood. Go yo yo. Huh we the people who live with Evo's. Everyday full house like Mary Cheh crack. Fiends and AJ's black teens carried away. Freely fire y'all kill for hire the body. Chavez building higher hunkers gettin. High high the news got me stressed I. Feel I might be next I'll be damned if I. Died up in the project on house dude got. Me thinking that I'm the truth murder. Tracks like Craig from gettin pay like. Pay-per-view our next-door neighbor's. Snoop I'm blowin on some ganja Guinea. Putting me on gang man I'm prone to. Being monster in Loch Ness Kontest this. Boy's been blessed by gods and Lords he. Passed the white childhood ha ha oh good. Good hey keep it going to the next joint. Flex let's hear the next one that's. Right good go know what it is flex We. Trust calm but flex out is so digital. And said no shit oh here I'm so fuckin. New York it ain't even those jokes 40. Belushi 40 below boots in the snow yeah. Big joke yeah yeah big boy burn marks. Back in oh three as a young nigga caught. Me uh. Oh gee he'll 2011 they call me go D ace. At Rocky bitch you know me off being. Broke be the best thing that happened to. Me and get me hunger pains something. Strange happen to me I feel my brain is. Up with things so imaginary huh didn't I. Start to spit flame what vocabulary. My mama thought I wouldn't make it with. This rapping shit they in my pockets and. I still ain't after shit dreams of. Traveling in the world so live a rich. Fuck a couple bitches that be fucking. With them tab a little uh silk fabrics. Niggas is average I'm about a. Motherfucking buck like maverick hi. Holder for the cameras pulled up with. The cameras fair screams Lord like. Motherfucking catholic' hoes try to stop. A pic while the niggas happen Nick. Bitches are my words on stage they try. To grab my dick I'm not dressed when. They come to this rapid shit I eat a. Nigga sleeping like bedbugs and. Mattresses stand up in the hood with the. Stragglers for the kind of birds it for. Nigga talkin blasphemous hard look I've. Gone back to Nazareth lean got me. Slurring like I got time masters ty - ty. That's in here that I say ASAP nast when. You go yo get it up huh. Yo I'm in the end zone smoking endow her. Wit my kinfolk and some bimbo this hot. And shit going rolling in the benzo what. About the winds owe money on my men's. Who got a code white dental young 12e. Baby mr. intercontinental Merck up in. The rental car Lili verse 10 suit blue. Praying for you little niggas that be. Snagging I had to tell my bros I ain't. Never had no rabbits aren't born that's. A lord my conception was a macaroon. Jeans black leather jacket Mick jagged. Shit Oh catch my breath catch a chase. Hit a lick hit the safe kill them niggas. With the face huh oh it's for the needy. My do let me heat you know if your plate. The chin is greedy my do i heaven in my. Dog but heralding on the road the King. Saw vision see me counted one bro. Got a snowball you heard that huh yo I. Swear life is so good the shit is like a. Dream fuck the bitch last night like the. Since my teens and written one belief. See me from the spin cuz she seen me. From the skein not scheming on my team. She seen me on the TV screen but the ace. At marbles. Marvin now you know we Marvin running. Through the city like city likes. Everybody keep the beat going keep the. Beat going. Menem can't go Philly ate a couple. Niggas hater yeah fuck game one hole. Clean baby uh-huh they painted their. Streets that I'm playing y'all hit me. Going hand like I reach super saying I. Can't be going hand my fuck with the pig. Nikki still snitchin lighting up do the. Bed what happened to the lawyer to ya. Bitch nigga switch sides when he thought. About all the damn boy uh-huh. Keep going. Yeah you know what it is part to eat. Back why not flex we trust calm hi 97. Dot-com boom flex who you mad at me or. Yourself back hey chef you mad at. Yourself nigga chat lord skill let's go. Get your home young lord. Talk about right now young low yeah we. Talk about them ASAP niggas man he's. Tapping tellin what you reppin breath on. The tribe Dorian's out there stand up. Well alright here ah yeah it's the stock. You nigga turn again. Fergie back the murder then got me. Feeling cocky like Rocky with his. Perverse Illuminati worship in do. Bugatti permanent bitch they fuck me. Last year this year I'll be curving in. Musashi said I did that trap go to my. Six-pack jerk off of the 2-pack met up. With shoots truck move back when that to. Clap to straps with two Macs nigga left. With a shot T like a nigga brought Charu. Back like Irv Gotti my 16 my kitchen. Buddy two hooks double harm me out leave. Your body like Top Dawg me got old bitch. Then colliding in a new bitch from Abu. Dhabi in a China but it's like you give. Him nice and sloppy try it lord please. Highlight a bitch teller get up on the. Knees. I went flexing knee at it again make. This nigga spend God work the wind yeah. Nigga drinking juice in gen digger wit. Lorraine Stefan top that motherfucking. Hand man from the Gaghan stupid. Forget the grandma I'm fuckin grandma if. You're meddling with in pajamas I got. Banana clips making motherfucking. Grandma flip if she talking that. Bullshit a nigga like me you and figure. Full clip I slept liquor in the space. Yeah you better go see preacher mace. Ahead honey place better tell your grace. For I eat your food and they get ain't. Cool fuck the rules and fuck school. Matter of fact I go to school cuz it's. Cool and I get all the bitches and fuck. Them in the bathroom yeah this is the. Furqan style you never had the mind and. I've been on that house you won. Egyptian guard up sees a line and Jeremy. Kicked probably made me fly yeah and my. Fucking Lou made me high to the sky. Smoke no more I gotta go out the door. Phone falls out your jaw motherfucker. Don't say birth no more before we come. To your fucking fifth floor like brown. Man. Coming through with another man and. Another clan contraband and hand when we. Come through with the ASAP clan and fuck. Yo clan hey you better stand up cuz we. Coming through and my man got the. Fucking bands up I get Rocky guys three. Mil for the deal. Hood I got bird coming through with that. Shit honey coming through with the clip. Make a motherfucking flip and make a. Nigga drip shit nigga don't wanna mess. With the kid Nick coming through with. That strip did this nigga done did a. Song with Skrillex and hazy but the fuck. You lady. Yo hunt you with your lips get on back. Yo yo yo listen. Yeah your bitch just tweeted I wrote in. All caps on making you mad telephone. Back asap make sure you get that. Long-lived ASAP on your favorite store. Rack off that leg on text I don't give a. Fuck cuz I might bring back go back so I. Got on uptown Sosa's Air Force Ones they. Gonna do it cuz they watchin son I do it. Fuck it see me full burst wear long. Shirts and they calling it a skirt on. Bucket they hurt niggas get murked in. Holla at ferb clutch homie got that wire. What you think this is use a smurf get. Up up our turf your niggas got nerve. Don't like a smurf I don't give a fuck. So baby Mike surf all up in yo bitch on. Your earth and I see your seats. Nigga please and I'm in the Philippines. With a bad bitch Japanese sand feet up. In the sin I'm a million dollar man you. Mean fuck you mean yours Flaco fuck that. Cracker nigga buddy to his taco and I. Get Guapo riding over potholes tell that. Bitch give me slow hair yeah bachelor. Won't know the new big shit shit we got. Those fuck that shit man hit it like the. Lotto watches wobble wobble baby wobble. Then she swallowed. Tell her I'm a hot exam motto and you. Said I'm fine except lotto and fuck that. I'm about to play the lotto trying to. Copper tahoe in the town holds a time. Home fuck that I'm in my time zone. Niggas know about the go to the UK and. I'm getting too paid fuck that pushing. Wig back that's two pages in his to. Shade and I rip it like I'm Luke BAE. Niggas fruit say you boo tail and. Swimming in the kool-aid don't give a. Fuck nigga you'll get souffle fuck that. Nigga pretty ass nigga I should model. For some toothpaste niggas to eggs and. You know I fucking kill a nigga in jail. With my shoelace huh and they to fake I. Don't give a fuck about these rap niggas. Fuckin black niggas bag niggas talkin. Old-fashioned Joe you gonna the second. And they said I couldn't wrap up the top. Using food fuck that nigga made skinnies. Lookin cool bro I was in high school. Chillin with my crew now bitches all up. On my nuts to like blue. So many bitches on my dick like a chick. Never had crabs give me that ass her. Bitch Mike pass we had a top ten Nikki. Said Snooki and then we laugh up that. Nigga's all mad going to Jersey Shore. And you know I go pulling B's dog tell. Them let me see your new hall and I gave. Her that Odisha machine yo bitch run all. Night all fours. Fuck that you cut my balls no pulse. Thing on the 18. Let a 7ik don't live ASAP man go get. That let's get the next beat man let's. Get connectional it's called full. Shutting the city down one now and we. Freestyling flex handy food we. Freestyling flags actually in the. Building we having fun you freestyling. Flakes Lex I got my Dipset hat on man. Fool haha very rare singular shutting. Down hold up hold up hold up huh. Sit the juice the kids the truth huh. Every time I get into the boom um of the. Juice beet and I got two feet but you. Other niggas too sweet coochie ass. Niggas cooking fucking burn bag. Fuck that shit Nick $100 swag flex it. So the beat down and set fuck that I'm. Gonna have to hold it down and a rap. Bass with your wack ass niggas is a rat. Trash niggas in April own can trash bags. Fuck that I go to Baghdad and you know a. Nigga like me got mad swag the bitch got. Mad ants has this man Stan I had to. Smash fast at the past fast hey bird you. Smash it what it smelled like. That's just my like fish bitch what'd it. Smell like fish fish bitch in the. Biscuit but you're next quit and then. Nigga gonna be a bit sweet but you know. My clique be like ten deep a 12 giving. The shells fuck that ll be be ringing. The bells from doing the well her fire. Air sweater getting chatted with. Berettas and lovers and man chatters how. We doing. Matching to the fluid hey green fucking. One my nigga nigga is you stupid hanger. Coming through with a poof is and we. Loop and spit this shit on the mic like. I'm to fix my roof is in the trunk got. The pump catching nigga try to run walk. Through Harlem without security. Fuck that pretty nigga no jewelry and I. Used to run from the truancy chew and be. But you know it's only you and me so. When it all boils down what you're gonna. Do. Pussy ass nigga run to the boys and blue. Fuck that nigga might shoot fuck that. Nigga throwback like snoop. Juke when he was on the roof and he do. Bishop often say ha ha ha. We're gonna fucking my toe c'mon go. Ahead put out shit I said all I wanna do. Is come to me a motto live legendary in. Santiago plenty honey Birds wonder - my. Tahoe Nick game chees hold it me and. Nacho young Alejandro in a ruffler. Poncho sipping on Moscato when the. Murcielago sick like mono kicks like hi. Old hoes little bit face touching baby my. La styro got me movin like a snail on. That turtle time you could call me. Leonardo eatin bending hollows in the. Batter VIN DiCarlo. On Puerto Rico or morning I hope she be. I can shadow I'll be like swallow this. Year up the would like a look at Apollo. The bottle and Mama bottle up tail. Gettin money nigga Harlem in the house. Huh call him in the house or loving your. Bitch blouse put it in the mouth let. They gave a fuck about where that nigga. Wonder huh good yeah yeah yeah may not. Do this for the young G's youngji's in. The whole fighting 1ds running from the. DS huh félicité need aa cop yelling. Freeze I'm like please don't squeeze not. A little snicker but a young boss nigga. That know the Lord well but I hate court. Nigga aren't sitting in the back trying. To be patient but this all day I take. Ignore cases I can take probation huh. Service community service but niggas. Work got the streets on nerve hot car. Full surface like seeing Perkins there. Chillin on the block but the glove still. Run I'm gonna block but the gloves still. Work it's only eight o'clock no blush. Their work I tried to you eat you eating. Shit you go to sleep wake up you do this. Shit again hi niggas in the pen I never. See anything here's a mess you do the. Pen hope you feelin today before the. Sauna. I tell the T nada I'd die for this shit. Like a suicide bomber on my mark spent. Harder it's getting hotter the entire. Fire how you gonna stop my ID Saint. Pride in these great lines I keep my eye. On the money with an ear to the. Grapevine Nick grapevine trying to take. My black line if you see the straight. Line beep-beep that'd be the sound no. Fuck that drowned slow yeah home let me. Get the next video you talk about shit I. Grab your head. Daming upset no I'm saying you're not. Yes you see we don't stop okay for flex. A sad mod in the building focus nope we. Got it all clear since the. Ah. Shoutouts to the young man shot I saw my. Mama two men she went up and shot AHA. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Rumi his feeling like a sweatbox playing. Games bitches call him xbox. Fuck that about the couple legs drop. Drop pretty nigga got more cars nigga. Flex got ya niggas gon killing shit with. Ten pitches if you know what got mine up. In the kitchen. Dude this she's got run up in the dining. Room bitches doing laundry I swear I got. So many codes I got out on me you niggas. Never huh me I should we ate sat on me. And we something like the Navy my niggas. Gettin waving niggas tried that play me. Get that 380 is ready these niggas crazy. They crazy but you know I straight at. Babies and women's and kids and. Chairman's you chillin Nicki you. Shipping I'm pimping Bush popping what's. Happening money making my hair and. Keeping the sagging what's poppin we. Swagging niggas know you flagging. Turning upside down and I got the people. Frowning they talking about white. America gonna be mad I said okay okay. Okay tell them to kiss my ass ain't. Never gave a fuck about nobody opinion. I'm killing shitting reppin that's why. I'm still living it's some wavy wavy got. Your girl getting wave huh she be with. My neighbor a set nigga motherfucker. Later. You cheat on my laser jiggy getting ehh. Xia cozy boy so lazy just that fergus. Timeout getting that one man sippin on. That wine now yeah on that line man I be. Rolling with my niggas they be rolling. With them triggers you be rolling with. Them bigger triggers make it black and. Nigga out and give a fuck yeah coming. Through with that buck. Yeah coming to talking that stuff yeah. Nigga you getting fucked up yeah. Growing up with my niggas just the trap. Load again yeah I got some nice cars you. Can't afford the Benz. Ha ha ha don't wait go tease and I got. The fucking please cuz I'm with that. Delivery system fucking beast with the. Heat shield fucking blow your teeth out. Your motherfucking brain nigga is that. Fucking it's that forgiving man huh fuck. You talking about your bitches. Plain-jane sniffing coke King I'm a pimp. Young. And lower pretty Flaco Jodi bitches know. My name is you insane insane in the. Membrane when I come in changing niggas. Ain't change crazy you strange you. Deranged I swear I might be caged. Because I might be dangerous to the. Fucking society you see my little. Pockets legs headed for about 100 yeah. Yeah. Now coming through with our. Motherfucking spear yeah like to shoot a. Nigga like Underland yeah that nigga. Shipping in here like they fucking. Britney Spears yeah yeah I got the. Motherfucking zone and I'm coming to. Actual dough like little Roscoe yeah I'm. Motherfucking D forget studying niggas. Coming through y'all niggas is some nerd. Egan's yeah. Riding in the motherfucking Benz. Cruising trying to get your. Motherfucking bitch you Cheryl swooping. That mean she bowling I'm coming through. Shot : yo bitches is calling because. They know a nigga ballin this that. Birkenstock chillin in my bitch she's. Coming through about to suck my dick and. Suck my dick yeah we're in rich niggas a. Motherfucker motherfucker motherfucker. Motherfucking motherfucking fuck what. The fuck bitches trying to fuck telling. Getting my girl what's up and then she. Wonders sick shuffle on top by my nuts I. Told that bitch don't front what's up to. You in the club and I total comes to the. Back meet me up in the cup. Let's cut Oh bitches ain't got no Jimmy. Okay I can't help you I'm sorry bitch. I'm out of here cuz the bitch can't have. My baby. I'm just getting no you hoes must be. Crying. Me Flaco got that shit got three tones. On my dick. Every time I Spit fell off the top I got. Blows women I switched when I never gave. A fuck I'm bringing back these kickers. Just black uptown I got them on now you. Know we ain't shit niggas in this going. Down got our armours bottoms and bitches. Got red bottoms shout outs to except. Belly cuz the feds got him and Navy out. And knee popping souls poppin we got the. Drop and you know except we never stop. And soaked rag out of my belly. Yeah free my nigga really yeah you're. Not smoking I smell it yeah I'm not just. In the Turner Hill trap no to my belly. Yeah free my nigga really yeah I'm not. Smoking that smelly yeah I'm not just in. The telly huh next we will be talking. About shit from Flex I'm gonna write. Will write out one more time let's run. Its kind of fast. I'm sold a show that's not a good man. We're gonna do it like this man yeah. Yeah. Janeway 15 2013 monk lift ASAP hit up on. The ceiling make sure you download it. For free or fare your feet it don't. Matter to me as long as you see me and. Be like y'all a set you kill that shit l. Yo Q the LS little fuck that you brought. Back hip-hop nigga you the trailers and. The deal is I finish my wet list and the. Real estate and I come through niggas. Can't relate they hate okay we see the. Wave niggas getting paid pretty young. Nigga bought bat-brain huh folk so sick. Nigga might have eight niggas still it. Seemed so when Nick and never change him. Go go change for gold rings huh. Everybody wanna make a full go sing huh. All go things all go thing everything is. Goldie because gold is me oh fuck it. I'm fleetly come through with the heat. When I creep but my team and we come to. In the street. Fuck you me you weak nigga know the. Reaper coming view you show with you. Reach so you better talk to me use up to. Me now show respect pay your debt else. You getting decked by the tech use a bet. With a breast biatch talk to my niggas. And you know we come through one. Yo use a fucking bitch popular pivoted. Into did it coming though that city. Slicker like that ready I don't give a. Fuck. Coming through with that stuff this that. Oh you got to cut that he said cut that. But cut that no fuck that. Tell that bitch chica fucking suck my. Dick she a muskrat I said yes cut this. Way now fuck that I'm bout about it. Masterpiece and new owns and I'm coming. Through from my Jersey trap Laura both. Niggas know about it smaller and now I'm. Giving fuck I'm the spitting no date to. The motherfucking morning are you. Drooling are you gonna fuck that shit we. On got these bad bitches accepting and. It's all and fucking god I'm drooling. With you doing everything and niggas. Nona Davi spit I don't give a fuck but. Cuz my boys ain't in no prison and you. Know I'm getting I said this shit that I. Be spitting I switch it and you know you. Couldn't get with this so you better. Dismiss it justice ring bling nigga. Bling blings thing and I still being. When I come through with an clean. Looking clean let it bling see and I got. A gun pack it back let it ring my ring. Nigga niggas know my team ASAP elves. Five bad bitches and they all pop pills. Flex got the Wills forgot the grills. Buckle so pretty that the bitches catch. Chill huh never pay bills nigga to rail. Bitch up on my stale and juice like I'm. Still never liked juice keep I hang off. The roof give it a look give it a loop. Or I shoot motherfucker and they cook. Motherfucking Fergus started nigga gonna. Shoot with my fucking choo-choo train. Looking house they be coming through. With the folk range in them hope I'll be. Right here hole oh yeah. Get money dole oh yeah yeah don't get it. Bitch and my load up here she be rockin. With my team you read the complaint yeah. You try to be like us nigga this drink. Yeah. Riding up the link nothing so link now. Coming through cleaned out it brings out. Yeah. Blink blink out sing out yeah but life I. Can start nigga what you saying about. Bird what you got say you got that part. Work and now these bitches wanna turf. And I get blue balls shot I'm like a. Smurf Cardo bitch when they tease me she. Pulling up a skirt god I had a long. Shirt sorry calling it a skirt or a. Dress but I'm fresh so I dress to. Impress my the best and I rep to the. 1. Death and you fuck you're talkin out. Your breath you get left nigga yes with. This Technic uh-huh with the rest nigga. Ah you get in the motherfucking nest egg. Around yeah coming through mother. Fucking left knuckle don't get kicked in. Your motherfucking neck nigga no get. Kicked through your motherfucking brush. Nigga shit don't get kick to your breath. Because both of you niggas got titties. Anyway you big hairy niggas shitty head. A snake you own titty boy says nigga. Check them to this bitch don't know we. Had niggas hot 9 7 flex nigga what's up. Know what we wanna do you heard Lenny I. Niggas got enough balls to come up here. And freestyle all night nigga. What we want a good riddance see you're. Good rich nigga yo Rick James ain't come. Up here acting all crazy. I'm the way I go commando crazy huh a. SecEmbed