Ever since I was a kid. I wanted nothing more. Than to put a smile on my father's face. And move my momma out. Of the bottom floor, of those projects. To a house somewhere on the lake. Somewhere far away with a picket fence. Before I threw it all away. Before I lost my innocence. When, when there was more to life than just trying to be accepted. How ignorant and naive one can be to depressed and, and. The hurt felt from being molested as a child. I was angry, I'll admit it I had resentment for a while. You, you never know how that shit affects you as a child. And not a saying in my heart is manifesting in this wild, young man. Not a soul in this cold. Now this cold world, just got a lot more colder. What is worse than a child with nothing to lose. Something to prove. My brother told me always do right. Then almost got life. I'm fucking confused. My gun and my pride. It's all that I got. And lettin' shit ride this how I was taught. So if I might die, it'll be for my block. Your nigga sixteen with some work in the soc. If they kill me, I die like a man. When I'm gone, I'ma live like a legend. And the literal homies banging after me wouldn't know my story. I won't be remembered. So pour out some liquor, something expensive. Stop by the house to check on my mom. Make her she good. Tell her you love her. Give her some money and take out the garbage. Load the clip for the nigga that shot me. Let 'em know this ain't for Quavy. Send this neighborhood a message. The things we do for acceptance. [Chorus]. I bought a box just to kill my dreams. Everybody feels so lost, wondering. Oh yeah. I bought a box just to kill my dreams. Everybody feels lost, still I'm wondering. . [Verse 2]. Love, in front of every end of that city. Well apart as eyes. I say this war on crime. Just mean this war ain't mine. Mom is still in the street hustling, she's fifty-five. I'm paranoid someone might take her life. One thing I hate about life is reality. How come that fantasy can't be that truth and. Reality can't be that fantasy. Away with my sanity, pain is grabbing me fierce, it's coming so rapidly. It's god attacking me for all my bells. I feel this chavalry right after me. Why them so fast, but life so slow. I feel like I fake it, but momma, but momma. Been frontin' I know that she know. Her baby, a failure in life. Well fuck it, there's only two places to go. Just happened to fall on my ass. Now I'm asking my father to open his door. Just ready to go. You might also like[Chorus]. I mean it, I mean it, I mean it. I bought a box just to kill my dreams. Everybody feels lost, still I'm wondering. [When your life. Can't break it. I am who I am, I see][?]. I mean it, I mean it, I mean it. I bought a box just to kill my dreams. Everybody feels so lost, wondering. I'm off to kill my dreams2Embed