Yeah. Somebody gon' die this day (Hey). Somebody gon' die today (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Bah, yee). Somebody gon' die today. Somebody gon' die today, day, day. . [Post-Chorus]. I'm fresh as a peppermint (Clean). A green and white peppermint (Woo). The Rolls Royce from Clark Kent (Woo). I pull up and pop shit (Woo). This gang not no opp shit (Gang). Gang shit, not no opp shit (Gang). We wet up the block shit. Green diamonds, my Rolex is all piss (Yee). [Verse 1]. This card is black, you can charge it. I told her to come suck my sausage (Woo). YSL, I go brazy like moshpit (Slime). We straight from the bottom to the top, ayy. I told her to pass a young nigga the extras, she told me to go to block (Yeah). And I told her to pop her a pussy nigga, if he playin' it's off with his top (Rrr). I bought her the army fatigue bandana and now she gon' go buy the block (Woo). She bought me Granada the coupe when I skeet off on cops, man, I never could stop it. I told her I heard that her daddy the plug, don't try to introduce me to mama, yeah. I told her to bring me my championship belt 'cause I beat that shit up like no other (Beat). I told her I'm comin', but I'ma be late, yeah. . [Chorus]. Somebody gon' die this day (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Bah, yee). Somebody gon' die today. Somebody gon' die today, day, day. . [Post-Chorus]. I'm fresh as a peppermint (Clean). A green and white peppermint (Woo, woo, woo). This gang, not no opp shit (Gang). Gang shit, not no opp shit (Gang, yee, gang). You might also like[Verse 2]. I can get lost. I got twenty-six rooms in my goddamn house. I got twenty-six rooms and it ain't ten in the house. I got twenty-six brooms, bitch, I'm fly as a hawk, huh. Shawty want me to come pipe her right now, huh, yee. Shawty want me to come play like daddy, take over the house. Yeah, shawty want me to come pick her up, we go down. Yeah, shawty don't want me to bypass the spot, she want me to lay up. She wanna stick to a young nigga side just like a pager (Hey, woo). . [Chorus]. Somebody gon' die this day (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Bah, yee). Somebody gon' die today. Somebody gon' die today, day, day. . [Post-Chorus]. I'm fresh as a peppermint (Clean). A green and white peppermint (Woo). The Rolls Royce from Clark Kent (Woo). I pull up and pop shit (Woo). This gang, not no opp shit (Gang). Gang shit, not no opp shit (Gang). We wet up the block shit. Green diamonds, my Rolex is all piss (Yee). [Chorus]. Somebody gon' die this day (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Yeah). Somebody gon' die today (Bah, yee). Somebody gon' die today. Somebody gon' die today, day, day. . [Post-Chorus]. I'm fresh as a peppermint (Clean). A green and white peppermint (Woo). The Rolls Royce from Clark Kent (Woo). I pull up and pop shit (Woo). This gang, not no opp shit (Gang). Gang shit, not no opp shit (Gang). We wet up the block shit. Green diamonds, my Rolex is all piss (Yee)3Embed