Who am I? Where am I? I'm in the top five powerful of the franchise. They was always lookin' at me like I was lab science. So I had to takeover the planet and mankind. If I don't got a purpose, it is certain I shall rise. Anyone opposing me, then all of 'em can die. See the mad eyes turning color of sapphire. Telepath power gettin' me outta my damn mind. Telekinetic, could throw an elephant effortless. In my element, malevolent and mentally devilish. Not apologetic, put the 'sin' in synthetic. I'm incredible given all the better genetics. Y'all are pathetic, a hundred percent of the world never gonna understand a Pokémon reaching absurd levels. Ever since Mew became two, I've been amused by the mystery of my whole being and what I'm destined. [Verse/Gen 2: Shwabadi]. Yeah, took 'em till the second gen to get a perfect set of legendaries. Set a precedent and second best to none. The lords of sea and sky, they celebrate. In song and ceremony. Never wing it but for several silver feathers. Gleaming golden on me. Topple towers set in stone below me. Wanna act a god? I'll make you holey homie. Like oh!. They wanna see me x'd. But bet they couldn't ever be a shadow of me. Oh no!. Pride on my chest. All of the colours of the rainbow. Like the flag is on me. Ho-Oh!. It's an art I know. Pressure unmeasured, you can't control. Everything you do and everything I do. You'll never match my heart and soul. . [Verse/Gen 3: Cam Steady]. Imagine expanding the planet of land. Dream of it sinking all deep in the sea. Visualize tryin' revivin' the climate. From high in sky cause we doin' all three. I'll leave a desolate land in a drought. I be a continent covering ground. Topple your troupe like Sootopolis. When I drop dracos on top of your town and I make it to Origins' cave. This not a drizzle, I reign your parade with the rage of primordial waves. Alpha omegas with precipice blades for reshaping the state of the whole globe. Look up and pray to the ozone. Then say your thanks as I send off to space cause when I reawake, you'll have no home (Oh!). You might also like[Verse/Gen 4: Zach B]. When my powers are on, we're not the ones they wanna stumble upon. And promise a lot of you wouldn't be fond of facing what are basically children of god. They don't know they've already lost and can't see the feeble becoming a problem. This isn't even, and they couldn't stop it. Nobody's willing to solve it, 'cause they all end up in coffins. Then they won't think I was playing pretend. Flip the script like it was Spacial Rend. I even made a list of all the people dead. Can maybe save yourself, but you can't save your friends. A single hit is leaving the vicinity blown. We're close enough, 'cause we're divinity, oh. Told them once but any minute we'll show we hold time and space, like we're infinity stones. . [Verse/Gen 5: Mix Williams]. Tao trio! Looking for competition, I don't see 'em!. Dragon these balls all on my opps. Black and white got three amigos. Flow cold but I'm hot at the same time. That's an ice burn. We done had trios in the past. They gon step aside 'cause it's our turn. Yeah, woah, aye, woah. Fucking with the yin yang, we gon outrage. Don't care who the competition is. Turn you to ash if you don't do what the tao say. We flying circles around all these niggas. You ain't living up to the hype. Shit ain't always as it seems. The script of the world don't get written in black and white. [Verse/Gen 6: HazTik]. Genesis gen, but I'm god, tho. I'm a mercy to a world that would die slow. Cycle of life universally scary. Auras breaking whether dark or they fairy. X-ing out every heathen and they wondering why?. When they see our silhouette the apocalypse nigh. Consequence of their actions only thing I guard. Blame it on me but I'm just playing my part in all of these.... Natural disasters and moons getting blasted. Tides shifting means that a titan has landed. Give and take, rule of the world that I manage. Earth reformation, I use geomancy. I rain destruction from top of the world tree. Ash fertilize dirt to give birth to new "we". Land's wrath giving new rise to a phoenix. Souls fly above, no oblivion's wingless. . [Verse/Gen 7: Mat4yo]. Make way, get outta my space, or you're gonna feel the pain of a galaxy brain. In battle, I aim a lightyear above the waist. And lay waste to you sons in a radiant phase. The kind Galileo finds with a naked eye. Solagaleo the type that can put the steel to your mind. And then you get sunsetted and greeted in due time. By the beast that calls the batman in the moon knight. Too bright when I loot light, you'll be soon blind. And I don't mean to brag but when I fuse rhymes, I reach new heights. I'm not Nebby anymore, I'll put you in a bag. 'Cause I'm a kaleidoscope of Ultra Novas. Top of the totem pole but it looks like your little vacation's over. So Aloha to the Alola. . [Verse/Gen 8: Ty Wild]. It's the big dog with a big chomper. Killa been calm till he get barkin'. Think he wit it, naw, ain't got shit common. Till I let it fly, I put wings on him. Been cautious, guard up, I came wit a shield. Untouchable, dust off a draco, for real. Lil rust ain't nothin', we bringing the steel. And aim up at ya crown for the taking and peel. Arms reach opps out the sky. Keep one .45 wit a beam. Kickback finna knock the wind out him like dragon, been Magellan toxic. Hit man wit cannon, big bad but he fallin' off. And I meant that, man rose up and brought the darkest day to an opp with a red flash. Dynamax, high as the sky where his head at. But I been a behemoth, dawg, and you a deadman2Embed