Oooh. Woah, yeah. A change is gunna come, oh woah. . [First Verse]. I just had a breakdown mid drive on the road. By breakdown I don't mean to the point I need to be towed. Another black soul they just murdered for sport. Cause of death can’t even be explained by the morgue. How did we become a target like the discount store. Can't walk a mile in our shoes even with Dr. Scholl's. Our society distracted with that Pokemon GO. How come they don’t see we could die wherever we go. This the land of the free and the home of the brave. But I don't feel free, at home, or even safe. They say all lives matter, yes all lives matters. Then why every single time a black life slaughtered. Ain't it ironic thats it's done by the pigs man. All because of my motherfuckin pigment. Seems like the more races the more racist. More shell cases mean less court cases. Less morals means more murals. More barriers mean more burials. With our heart on our sleeves wearing RIP apparel. Nothing can stop the pain, not even epidural. Sick to my stomach we can't cure this epidemic. When law enforcers ain't enforced the consequences. The same ones quick to search us like a search engine. And pat us up and down minus the congratulations. What the fuck. [Chorus]. Look at the eagle it's been wiped out. And above the law is what is all about. And the Indian is a stranger in his own land, his own land. So why can't we see what’s on here, yeah. They’re going to wipe us out. Right out, yeah. . [Second Verse]. Actions speak louder than words when it comes to speech. Scared the police will take away my freedom of speech. That's why when I see em I just TLC and creep. I’m too young to be another stencil out on the street. Alone we don't have a voice like Adam Levine. But if we come together we can make a stampede. Is it me or is our race becoming extinct. That's why every page I write on bleeding with black ink. It's a war against us like we from the Middle East. Is this how the Cherokee’s felt before they made Jeep. How can I place myself under armor, Jordan Speith. Build a legacy like my son and daughter meant to go Greek. They think we disposable, they think we disposable. Can't quite put my finger on it like with opposables. Got the nerve to act as if we unapproachable. Respond as if we irresponsible or unintellectual. Damn. You might also like[Outro]. Oh yeah. A change is gunna come. Oh yeah. This is my SOS. Oh yeah yeah. Ah, Oh I never thought I would see the dayEmbed