This country must understand. The reasons of these riots. The black community is placed in consistent situations. Attempting to protect ourselves from a system not created in furthering our development. Like Dr. Martin Luther King once said, a riot is the language of the unheard. And we will no longer be kept silent. . [Chorus: ZO]. Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). I promise I got a family (A baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Officer). I promise I got a family (I got a baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). [Verse 1: Starside]. She can't breathe, he can't breathe, no, we can't breathe. You say stop the violence, why you think we in these streets?. You say stop the riots, but don't listen to our needs. Instead y'all take y'all knee and then proceed to the back of our necks. Too many my brothers and sisters is dead and now we livin' through them. Taking a stand, no, no, no, won't hear it again. Fuck the system, fuck the world we live in, how y'all killing?. Tryna paint us out as villains, pray for children fixed up, don't shoot me. . [Chorus: ZO]. Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). I promise I got a family (A baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Officer). I promise I got a family (I got a baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). . [Verse 2: G Honcho]. I'm screaming don't shoot me (Don't shoot). Opps out here killin', man, this ain't no move (This ain't no movie). These niggas is goofy (They goofy). Just 'cause I'm black, they gon' try to remove me (Remove me). Cop clutchin' a tooly (He clutchin'). Bitch, go toe-to-toe and get hit with this two-piece. Fuck 12, you a bully (Bully). Pickin' us off one by one, this shit cruelty. How we supposed to stay calm when they treat us like target practice? We don't know how to act. Racist police been doin' this shit, they pull us over just to see if we black. Can't run a stop sign without havin' an opp hop out and point the nine in my back. I'm just tryna survive, my nigga, in the streets of hell with some demons, get back. You might also like[Chorus: ZO]. Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). I promise I got a family (A baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). Don't shoot me (Don't shoot me). Officer, don't shoot me (Officer). I promise I got a family (I got a baby girl). And stay up off my neck please (I cannot breathe). . [Interlude: D-Mo]. The longer the black community is not treated with equality and justice continues to not be served. These riots and violent acts will maintain throughout our present and future. We need justice, we need peace, we need equality. We need help. Black lives matter. Enough is enough. The time is now. And I can't breathe. . [Outro: ZO]. Don't shoot me. Officer. I got a baby girl. I cannot breatheEmbed