We gon' need some drugs for the situation. Shout out to my plug, it's a lituation. Won't win it through litigation. All we ask is ventilation. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. . [Hook]. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right? When the real holds you down, you supposed to drown right?. Wait, wait, that don't sound right. Just wait, one second, that don't sound right. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown right?. When the real holds you down, you supposed to drown right?. Wait, wait, that don't sound right. Just wait, one second, that don't (Sound right). [Verse 1]. I was high and I was startin' to lose focus. Then I stumbled in the water, I was trippin', I was chokin'. Saying, "I can't breathe". Yeah, I can't breathe. Started floatin' way out in the open. 'Fore I knew it I was driftin' in the middle of the ocean. Saying, "I can't breathe". Yeah, I can't breathe. Started wailin', started flailin', I was splashing. Waves crashing all around me, felt the passion of the water. Saying, "I can't breathe". Yeah, I can't breathe. . [Hook]. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right? When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right?. Wait, wait, that don't sound right. Just wait, one second, that don't sound right. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right?. When the real holds you down, you supposed to drown, right?. Wait, that don't sound right. Just wait, one second, that don't sound right. . [Verse 2]. Dial tone on my hotline, it don't bling much. Sing songs like Tubman, young Steven Morris, I ain't seen much. Just a couple motherfuckers tryna rape the culture. Tell the vultures I don't need lunch, it's like morse code. Gotta be in touch to communicate it to the people, love heals all. Best get your immunization, that THC. So we smoking in here like we fumigating. For the fuckboys, too much truth in me. I don't trust niggas, I ain't preaching at you. I don't touch boys, brought the baggage with me. Like a bus boy, I don't need tips. You could see mines. Rap Genius, you could read mines in between lines. Yeah, they act genius but the way society is set up. Almost like they read minds. You heard Alchemy, boy I'm Magneto, they can't read mines. Niggas bark loud. Talkin' revolution, when the waves come, they turn feline. I been turnin' tricks in the coldest part. Of the deepest water like a sea lion, you could see why. You might also like[Refrain]. We gon' need some drugs for the situation. Shout out to my plug, it's a lituation. Won't win it through litigation. All we ask is ventilation. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. . [Hook]. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right? When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown, right?. Wait, wait, that don't sound right. Just wait one second, that don't sound right. . [Bridge]. When the real, hold you down, you supposed to drown. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown. When the real hold you down, you supposed to drown. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. No no no no no no no no no no no no, oww!. I was high and I was startin' to lose focus. Then I stumbled in the water, I was trippin', I was chokin'. Saying, "I can't breathe". Yeah, I can't breathe. (I can't breathe with this muh'fuckin' flag round my neck). Started floatin' way out in the open. 'Fore I knew it, I was driftin' in the middle of the ocean. Saying, "I can't breathe". (I can't breathe with this muh'fuckin' flag round my neck). Yeah, I can't breathe. Started wailin', started flailin', I was splashing. Waves crashing all around me, felt the passion of the water. Saying, "I can't breathe". (I can't, I can't, I can't breathe with this muh'fuckin' flag round my neck). Yeah, I can't breathe. [Outro]. We gon' need some drugs for the situation. Shout out to my plug, it's a lituation. Won't win it through litigation. All we ask is ventilation (Oww!). We gon' need some drugs (love) for the situation. Shout out to my plug, it's a lituation. Won't win it through litigation. All we ask is ventilation. I can't breathe, I can't breathe. I can't breathe, I can't breathe21Embed