Yeah, man, so I start looking out the window. I see gun store, gun store, liquor store, gun store. Where the fuck are you taking me?. Yeah, man, OG shit right here, man, yeah. . [Verse 1: Talib Kweli]. We bout to twist it up, we bout to lift it up. We never givin' up (In every ghetto). The startin' salary is hard reality. Find solidarity (In every ghetto). We got our leaders too, but where they lead us. Do they leave us or they see it through? (In every ghetto). We packin' precious metals, our shit is next level. We raise the threat level (In every ghetto), c'mon. Every ghetto, every city, like Ms. Hill. They way too used to the missed meals. Hard to concentrate, hard to sit still. In every ghetto (Man, keep goin'). Murder rate permanent place in the top ten. We live here, these hipsters drop in. You hear them barrels cockin'. In every ghetto. They say consciousness mean a nigga ain't rugged. Until they get beat within an inch of it. Self-made niggas don't get discovered. In every ghetto. They actin' like you owe 'em somethin'. Homie, I don't owe you nothin', fuck your beef. It's way too early in the mornin' for the hate. You ain't brushed your teeth yet, nigga, and your toast ain't buttered. A perfect storm and the coast is flooded. Most discovered that my flow got 'em open. You posers sound like your growth is stunting. Man I'm goin' too fast, let me slow it down. I'm good walkin' in every ghetto around the world. The hood often embrace you when you profound with words. I say the shit they relate to, I keep it down to Earth. Other rappers sound like they hate you, them niggas sound absurd. So when they walk through the ghetto, they get their chain snatched. They gotta talk to the ghetto to get their chain back. It's like an open air prison and it remain packed. Nothin' but straight facts, yeah. [Interlude: Rapsody]. Indie 5, for the people by the people, ha. In every ghetto. . [Verse 2: Rapsody]. Ya-ya, giddy up, who got the juice now?. Snatch it out your kiddie's cups. That shit you gave us watered down. This one's for Basquiat. They be brushin' with death, uh. Is this The Art Of War for cops?. In every ghetto. We double-dutchin', duckin' shots. Every home ain't got a pops. Every man ain't sellin' rocks. In every ghetto. A different will to win here. Different from switchin' cars. They pray that we switch our bars. To a vein from a metaphor. Worldstar, Worldstar. Lotta love and this life hard. Keep us prayin' like, "Oh, God". Illegally thievery think of stealin' off easily. Frustrated we hate it, yeah. Revolution, uh. That's why we scream out, "Nigga, we made it". It's an odd future, they ain't know we was all some creators. Somethin' from nothin', was told kings walk, but man, you frontin'. For the people and by the people, put them over money. I'm on my Viola Davis, yeah, workin' for justice. How you get away with murder? Be a cop and just kill us, look. How we supposed to not catch feelings?. Innocent lives, boy, we got kids in these buildings. I'm on my Viola Davis, this what you call a defense. For all the drama they gave us I'm spittin' Shonda Rhimes wit. Too high for you like ganja, that’s what Shonda rhyme with. I hollered back in the Hamptons, you still black if you rich. Spread love ain't just the Brooklyn way, it's universal. 360 added nine lives, woo, what a circle. You might also like[Outro]. In every ghetto. Revolution (Revolution). In every ghetto. In every ghetto13Embed