We the motha fuckin' gang bro. We mobbin' deep. Wreakin' havoc to. The game hoe, like prodigy. RIP like Ali float and stingin' like a bee. Most u rappers be my son. That means I'm ur father. Yeah GRAY BEAT I'm flammin'. Don't wanna here. Another word from u. Tell me where my payment is. Hop on this famous dick. Time is money honey and. Lemme tell u now ain't. Nobody wastin' it. Ooh yeah, look at the drip. Huh yeah, let’s take a trip. Soju let's take sip. Take a sip bitch. [Verse 2: 사이먼 도미닉 (Simon Dominic)]. A.m. to p.m. my growing nasal sounds feels like super rude. The is the original main theme. A pin that only shoots toward me, ultralight beam. Feels like I'm working, even in a dream, umm, Park Jae-bum's energy. I made you small by my side, like Hank Pym. I'm a human being, you're just an asshole who envies me. What you can say is "No No", why you always hatin'?. I was also deceived by  Small, Medium, the moment I become big is on the stage. . [Verse 3: 로꼬 (Loco)]. Ya, ya, burn it up everywhere VV sign while smiling and say cheese. Honestly, I don't give a shit about money and you don't even know about my price. Pop beers and dancing like a dog in karaoke even if you're in the first place. They're caught when they mess up their rap, they even do PIKA- CHU with my fans too. Now bring it back, bring it back, a beginner's mind-illness again. Fix previous mistakes into God's plan. And make the VV sign again, with an exciting face. I feel so high that it's out of focus, even when I'm sober. . [Verse 4: 어글리 덕 (Ugly Duck)]. Fire flame, I'm dissatisfied, plow up everytime. It evaporates even if I pour cold water, you're the same case too. I keep my position even if I don't compete. No, I'm the only one, 'irreplaceable'. I'm super popular, I rotate, not feeling out of place, you enter fireball again. Your greatest concern is trying to be good-looking. Just start a laundry business, don't do hip-hop. Hey Changmo, let them know where the underground is. BACK n FORTH, we enjoy space fight every night. Hey low-level bastards, if you wanna judge me, do that shit after I die. You might also like[Verse 5: 우원재 (Woo)]. Rapper's spit their shit, and you listen to them, please erase your oppa's lyric. Oh, bitch, check my name, I got a contract instead of starting school. AOMG got my back, Woo with the Jay. GRAY on the beat, I'm shinin' even without Gucci pants. I wear clothes better than those who have their style, I'm humble so you're the best...this, umm, uck. I'm in agony, hol’up. That forever gratitude, end that childish "oppa", you're finished. Peace out, retard your time is gone. I hit off, fuck the timeless. Trend a thing which was famous two months ago is your standard of the top version. Stop bluffin’. . [Verse 6: 식케이 (Sik-K)]. Half of your girlfriends are my fans or Kwon Min-Sik's fans. I'm a celebrity rapper who earns hundred millions in a year. Somebody said, "I don't follow anybody". I bet, sisters hate baggy pants. Studio rapper makes money. Just take a shit if your stomach hurts [you're jealous]. In order to make you respect me, do I have to show you my accounts?. 911, the saying is like a firetruck. 911 to me, that's just my next car, skrtt. . [Verse 7: Woodie Gochild]. When there is a fire, extinguish it 119. (Yeah, I’m so fresh as Gochild). You good? Don't get cocky, my friend. (who can do it like Gochild). I transcend time, best friends with Saimdang and King Sejong. My popularity is like Sobangcha in 1998. Spray water, Drip harder, Drip beads of sweat. I’m so hot, hot, hot, hot. [Verse 8: HAON (김하온)]. Now I wanna be a Baki, those punks do not want peace. Fly Magpie flies around, like lyrics written down with no thought. My phone is on silent-mode, but I gotta move. Declare your thank you's but don't kill my mood. Closed door, seems like they found out, growing eyes, now I'm a fool. Bring that fire my desire, getting bigger like Super Saiyan. Ain’t no liar I’m designer looking at the first piece of work. The idiots know it, the fools are startled. As I said before, I wanna be a baki. I'm just taking a rest for a moment. . [Verse 9: Gaeko (개코)]. What's the reason why people are so mad? (system). What's the reason why people grade each other? (system). They say that the process is important, but they only count the results. Every artists have become investors for Bitcoin. Polarization instigates deprivation and anger. When we confess what they feel rather than arranging which we possess (fire!). Fire on my head, fire on my heart, fire on my feet, fire everywhere So it's time to extinguish it with music and language (asshole). . [Verse 10: BewhY (비와이)]. Umm, Super BewhY, miracle. Nobody do it like me now, they recognize me. I raised the quality of Korean hip-hop. Arrange my rhyme on GRAY-hyung's fire beat. I was the child bred by Sung Hwa-hyung, a star. The greatest of all time, it was me. Deja Vu, here is the unification of precursors. . [Verse 11: 팔로알토 (Paloalto)]. A lot of things happened, after going through all of these. My influence has become bigger, please stop doing bullshit. Yeah I said it fuck that shit, a coward who lament his hard face. I cannot endure it anymore. I'll never be together with you countrified bastards, who only pursue a fashion. Even your parents can't notice you. Just laugh coming out in SMTM. After hitting music charts with some songs, and disappear. Please accept, accept it, why are you so evil? It's shameful. I'll take my credit well. Yeah, Team Co-Pal win-win. Yeah, we made it. . [Verse 12: 지투 (G2)]. Fuck, call 119, you fuckers barely look alive. Damn bastard you starve like that. I can see your future easily, retards. You guys are just like dark cancer cells to me. No sympathy, it's just a grave that you dug. This that fire hope you burn, smilin' at your funeral while. The whole family mourn, fuckin' deja vu. These douchebags never learn. Please pretend not to know me even if you see me, don't stimulate the anger inside my head. . [Verse 13: 레디 (Reddy)]. Sing is even if don't pretend to look lit ye. Call 119. Choose perfume and use it before a concert. Chanel of Jomalone. It's been a long time since I caught fire. People who see me for the first tine have become fans again. Bastards who swear me have just become birds mocking and being jealous of me. I can't stop it, you can't stop me. I wish my name would be on your mouth continuously. Whatever it is, thank u. 365 days Worko mode. Jeet Kune Do clothes for my outfit. Uh, bastards who're jealous of me. Just take a phone and call 119. . [Verse 14: 스웨이디 (Sway D)]. Move out, move out, 119, green leaf is dyed to bloody red. Red siren is like a burning heart, can't extinguish this crazy fire. You'll get burned if you touch me. I'm about to explode like an active volcano. Imagination, like a flame. My life is untouchable. Alchemist's lyric which makes a dream into reality. Stone in your eyes, money in my eyes. Gold in my eyes, dreams that can be possible. The fire of my heart is burning. . [Verse 15: Owen Ovadoz]. I just gotta jug, better call 911 son. Doing things you have never done. Bloomin' like, ‘you know I’m the one’. Who's funny? There's fire at a ritual for rain. Made it rain, put you to sleep, I rock the nation Park Jay-bum. My alter ego told me be a dick then to follow. Who said there's no freedom of expression, Quiett mode, everybody hollow. Simon says do what I said 'elder'? I don't care. OG, for you guys light up I got mezz. . [Verse 16: The Quiett]. I be spittin' that fire, yeah, I'mma rap mesiah, yeah. I'm the chosen one, yeah, hall of fame like Cy Young, yeah. Hall of fame like The Quiett-hyung, yeah, money long like iron man. Special shout out to PERBEE, Coogie, Dong-min, Woorim. Forever Team Quiett & Changmo gang, yeah. GRAY track makes your head fuckin' bang, yeah. Pretty bitches , I spread 100 bands, yeah. I gotta pick right now man. Somebody to suck my dick right now, huh. . [Verse 17: 창모 (CHANGMO)]. You're the protagonist, I'm the villain, I'll take the money. The darker version 1lly, Beenzino, Q, Dok2. Retards say, "Changmo, get outta here". But do you feel the street of reality, boy from the town. Does it seem like yours since I say it every time?. Can't you see naked skin on your wrist? It's safe in your room so NO don't go out. URGS, it's hard in front of cameras on streets I’m hot in here. You can't even meet my eyes party girls. You can't even meet my eyes party girls. . [Verse 18: Hash Swan]. It's fire, you're about to be burned, make you call 119. I made you fire in reverse, so 911, frog is like "shoong". Now you got, question mark, have lots of questions. How did u buy Porsche, 1llibition I'm working overtime. Yah, Yah, I'm countin' paper like my boss. If future paper money changes. Factories need Dong-gap [The Quiett] hyung's Leika. Um, yah, Bition boys, cough, cough find fire extinguisher. It's on fire, how much thousand dollars is this?. Even ambulance makes fire, abracadabra. . [Verse 19: Kim Hyo Eun (김효은)]. Please make money rain, retards, we bring the fire. Call 119 my team, if you challenge against us. You will be ruptured, your fans got a heart. Do it smiling, hello, on the contrary I just eat ramen. They're just like instant food, it's no use trying to match their appetite, what. Hip-hop? Fuck that, they just do circus on the stage, what. Rather I just dance with EK without hesitation, ay. Rather I just dance with EK without hesitation, uh. . [Verse 20: Deepflow (딥플로우)]. This tastes fire like a stir fry, my achievement without recipe. At the end of the year I'm on ma sofa, I get 1 on 1 lesson studying tax accountant. I've become like a fighter for almost an year, my temper has. I'm at the Nirvana state like Buddha, I'm at peace like a sacred birth of Jesus. The show in the fall ends, everybody raises their price and flexin'. We need a new king here 2k Makaveli and juicy. The line is postponed to become a hero, everybody recovers themselves and works hard. Search another 119, 119, 119. . [Verse 21: Nucksal (넉살)]. 119 call the fire places, not for a joke. Call hiphop rescue team, riding helicopters. Clean like Sang-Gu [Deepflow] -hyung's head. Sometimes I extinguish the fire with fire like Malcolm. Anyway, rap speech bubbles are the same everywhere though. They just move their mouth like machines, folding screen. Assholes are just bluffin' beggars, all bubbles. Popping amusement like a bottle of Champagne bottle. . [Verse 22: 오디 (ODEE)]. Make fire on my work, my new album will be an issue. 119 report from neighbour, siren bbi-bbo. I need more views, more recognition, more featurings. You cannot schedule more, I'm full house, villian who seeks attention. I keep my own position, and you get into a stew, I bring the fire. I match it, what type are you matching? I customize my own things. Make a bigger temperature gap, the lights in my studio are not off. Another remix One Penny, another remix 119. . [Verse 23: Rocky L]. I need to call 119 when I listen to your rap. No, hang up the phone and call 911 again. I’m sorry semi fashion American, woo. Is this right to do this? ya, is it right to copy like this? woo. YouTube you copy anything you like watching. And say bow-wow, like moo, like anybody. Oops making eyes like you took marijuana. And mumbling is important for you. Taking those guys into an ambulance and run. Destination is Shinchon Severance. Doctor for them is 'beats by Dr.GRAY' ya. . [Verse 24: EK]. I bring the fire again, criminal like 119 song, uh. I breathe even when the light is off. I'm riding with her, suck my uh. I'm about to sing a love song now. Warming up anticipation I bought. Bluffing rappers everywhere, and then they work DM. So sharp bitch, sometimes it's smooth. Greatness if different from pretending, I can predict your next moves. Just evaluate it, I'll put you though trouble, whatever you say. I'm just making good quality music. . [Verse 25: Los]. Hustlin’ your behaviour is just 'saying'. I'm not following a fashion, I got my own shit, that is dopeness. I'm not taking a wave, I fish, when I count my money you just masturbate. I take My city on my back, but fuck you if you don’t ride wit me. Easy money, it's like a snatch. Heavy weight, I'm like a protein. If you want beef, I'm braised short ribs. For all the haters, fighting!. Check your flex like Nike. Take your bitch like Nice. I'm so thug like it's my verse so it's my own business. . [Verse 26: Chaboom]. One one nine, 119 real man appeared, my sexy crew. Three Q like an art even when I just split. My rap is like a splash on these mo’fuckers face. Extinguish fire, big hose is like a taste of Jeju mineral water. Spread water, flooded, soak deeper. Spread honey, everybody tastes it. Earn more paper money by my side. Game over, scratch a card, steal everything all over the world. Chul-goo is even surprised 'Ang-Gimozzi'. . [Verse 27: Swings (스윙스)]. They drop songs I drop labels. Real boss they speak fabels. It'll take about a year to explain why I'm cool. I'm a machine which makes gold overnight. They ain't fuckin' with my team, we're like an omelette on the same dish. I hip-hop Baek chef, just more cocky. A collector who finds diamonds, now where my gauntlet. They just bluff, but I really do, my girlfriend's last name isn't Kim. But I'm the Korean Kanye. . [Verse 28: GIRIBOY (기리보이)]. Survive like a fire, and earn like a fire. Run like a fire, and shake off like a fire. Fire, blistering blisters like a fire, Bull Shit. Fasting like fire, diet Win. Burning fiery, my style is like that of HypeBeast. Shining Audemars Piguet on black, I'm CEO. I buy it all if I need, GIRIBOY I'm gullible. Acronym on my outfit, Ooh, Make it drizzle. . [Verse 29: NO:EL]. This year is ours, no discussion. Just die if you're annoyed, loser. My lovers are fucking pretty. One more TMI, two phones you unnies are failed. Next year is ours, so shut up. Security deposit on my wrist. My precious lyrics are like too much information for you dogs or pigs or bird-heads. Ooh, yeah around the world and earn thousands, ayy. Poor metaphor, use it after selling that at your low position. You say it's so predictable, fuck that. They say it's the first time seeing a person like me, they become uncomfortable. One-two punch, everybody kneels down. You're out for deficit in many ways. Red Ocean, being instead of someone busy paying debts. . [Verse 30: Jvcki Wai]. Don't talk to me when I go up. I only want money. Thank you very much for your help. Now you have nothing. You are all going to die. You'll sleep with me tonight. You're not qualified this joke. Wide world Russia Cyka. Bih I’m just makin’ it clean. Bih I’m just wanna be me. Bih I’m just makin’ it lit. Lemme just smoke all that shit that I need. Press 11 on the phone choose 9 or 2. I don't look back. It's time to fly and go straight. Bye bye, I busily take a step. . [Verse 31: 저스디스 (JUSTHIS)]. Been rapping almost 10 years. But I'm babyface like Shin Dong-gap. Australia Tour on December. Yeah, I'm worldwide but the street is home. Places have changed but my flow still tight. It's like Tico with Biggie and Big Pun. Yeah I'm headin' to the heaven. Offer 'has been' as a sacrifice and make money. I'm crazy like Beenzino. Yeah I'm also a flower bloomed in mud. I earned everything and lost everything. But I certainly have high skill. But who's graded by skill these days?. Rich one is the best, then go higher like Double D. Rewrite my resume, I'm gone. . [Verse 32: Han Yo Han (한요한)]. Yeah, that's me, yeah, Musashi with a guitar, yeah. Being crazy by your bluffing and fake selves. If Swings is hiphop, Kanye, I'm the one chosen by Kanye. Yeah, that's me, don't forget I've come this far just in a year. I don't care what it is, Gucci, Rollie, or Bentley. Steal all of them and break them all, your car's a bumper car. 2018, one and only rare species rockstar, that's me. Oh, sorry model friend, your girlfriend hugs me. . [Verse 33: YUNHWAY]. Call 119, yuh, 911 out here. Mama’s teriyaki, roastin' on that fire. I’m feelin' lucky, lucky, I'm wearing Versace. I'm the queen, sky high, WDP. Go above like smoke. Disappear like Lil Cherry. I'm different different. Different from you guys, I'm different. So different from you. Saewoo and Yunhway sing Night Sea. You listen to our songs everynight. I'm different different now you follow me. . [Verse 34: Jhnovr]. I got the keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, like Hova. I got a skill, skill, skill, skill, skill, like Nucksa. Fly space, carried by GIRIBOY's back now. I got the keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, my prices rises. Blow money multiple times, bow, count bank accounts. Be in a merciful position and look down. Continue spotlight, continue spotlight. Gettin' guap, right now, you're fired. . [Verse 35: Coogie]. E on fire, spit fire. Overheated, expanded, heated. You pipe up, only get angerier. Stomach hurts, gets ruptured. Light it up, oil thinner. Can't extinguish, fire rages. Over boiling point, too high. It's useless if I call the ambulance to stop it. Aim, fire!. Get out of my way from my side. Smoke again behind my back. Cross the fence, countin' money. Guap tripple redd. Get out of my way from my side. Smoke again behind my back. Swing ghost rider fire chain. . [Verse 36: 펀치넬로 (punchnello)]. This mo’fuckers ain't sayin' nothin'. Yeah, just live as what you wish, you have nothing. Mocking for years, hey, the one your girlfriend wants is me, stupid. Keep flex on 'em okay, humbleness is only for my family, okay. Put your hands on your heart and think 'what have you achieved?' okay. Yeah bring the fire bring the fire. Call 119, burn everything and spread water. Suck this feel more, drink it more. I will give you all that you want so eat it more. Yea h spit some fire, isn't it the reason why other people try to find me?. When I bo bo bo bo - gameover. It's simple, #fckuropinion, I'm gone. . [Verse 37: 페노메코 (PENOMECO)]. Yeah, we bring the fire, gun shots. Fire appeared by playing with fire, blowin up. Seems like your underwear got wet because of your sweat, seems like there's a waterbomb. As my brother said, "fuck your opinion" get away from us. We are natural organic. Rather than fanning, just pour oil, you get it?. Private planes are our rendezvous. Suddenly our destination is Malibu, yeah we gon' do. . [Verse 38: Dbo (디보)]. Bitch stop playin’, Imma do ma thang. Once in a lifetime, but legal thing ill. She eat breakfast, then eat peanut. Assholes keep irritating me. I got taste on a natural thing. I want sweets, not salty things. Victory is in my code she swallows the truth. She actin' like she need a dick. Her pussy on fire call 911, Dbo. . [Verse 39: Hangzoo (행주)]. Your mouth ain't stop behind everyday among those easy as pie ones at the easiest course. You just play meaningless King-games. Even when we walk outside. We on the GRAY BEAT. We're dope even when we spit it slow at the sloping road when we're out of breath. Don't clap for that oppa. It's a simple reason, he can't even rap. Rapper? Fuck that, he's just a celebrity wannabe. He's worse than those trying to be an idol rapper because they can't be a vocalist. . [Verse 40: Geegooin (지구인)]. Fire on the stage, fire on the stage, and then go to the police. My previous conviction is that of a violent criminal. I rip and bite, Sung-chi hyung says, "it hurts". Rhythm Power's ability is the only one hero. We're most exciting, this is synergy by 3 high school friends. We feel so hyped, you be jealous of us and almost die. (Ha ha) This is the sound when you become mad. (Hmm) I earn a billion, my mom screams. . [Verse 41: Boi B (보이비)]. Hongdae NB Alba from a part time job to earning a daily 70,000 won. The one who had been doing shuffle dances would never know. I'm a guest of Club Gabbia now. I come out from there without any drink in my mouth. And I drive ma AMG. The hyung who argued about my limits has become ash. We show our dopeness like a rockstar. I'm not joking, I'm an ambassador official representative of the city. Sorry, burn it. Went into the fireball on SMTM stage. . [Verse 42: Ja Mezz]. You can't stop my fire even if 119 ambulances come. Among 119 problems, a bitch ain't one, 2 cellphones. My phones are on fire, ring ring ring, impossible to exstinguish. Who the hell can replace me? Irreplacable. I'm the shit up in this bitch. People call me a witch. Being attacked, 'burning on the stake'. Bitch I'm on fire. I don't compromise tho. I'm not surprised tho. Even Arab women take off their hijab and wear a bikini, Hiphop. . [Verse 43: Dayday (데이데이)]. We didn't start the fire but I brought the lighter. Everyday is like playing with fire, uh. If you close your eyes for a moment. Fire is just for the moment everyday like the final boss, uh. Everyday want all the smoke. Everyday want all the girls. If you bluff it rings like a siren. Activated remix, earning again ayy. That guy is that guy and that guy is that guy. Clout chasin 'Your Daily Purpose. They can not fix that habit so yo bitch says "Today I'm solo". Flammability, when you measure my blood pressure, it's 151, that's litty. Groups of ambulances come like a rocket. And it becomes rap city. . [Verse 44: Junoflo (주노플로)]. See the future like an oracle, I just walk straight. You may not know the bright future in my palm. Who is you? I ain't heard of you. These girls, I don't chase 'em. Believe or not, stand back aside rather than bluffin I work overnight all I came with is a passport. I mask on because of fine dust. Paper money in my suitcase. Transport it to airport security. I learned it when I saw a billion won for the first time. I'll burn this muthafucka down. It don't mean nothin to me. . [Verse 45: 플로우식 (Flowsik)]. Fire caution, bulldozer with a bomb, light a candle Coup d'etat. We shippin International patent suace. Bake the bread within 5 minutes. Get the cash today. Push my persistence 119%. Hit the gas with my right foot. Pedal to the medal 40s. In the meadows keepin' it ghetto. Hot, devil ain't reachin' my level. I’m bringin' armageddon. When I rap, lights outs. Drippin' nothin' but sauce. Bring the rice out. Bust out fire put the pipe down. 5 star telly going hard. Rippin' night gowns. 119 goin' live shoot a whole. In the sky rain dance GRAY. Cookin' up that fire like. . [Verse 46: 킬라그램 (KILLAGRAMZ)]. Money bag, money bag, money bag, yuh. Show me the money, money is courtesy. I want to clear all of my bank accounts. Load it up, then drive, change gear. I'm the best onstage. In Korea rep 24 Gang. California to Japan. What's that up in the air? I'm superman. Fuck how you feel. Look straight, why do they envy me?. It's fire, fire, burn it all. Do not forget, I've only got one life to live. Yuh to those worries about hundreds of millions of questions. The answer is fuck you I'm in. Yuh empty my bank accounts. Load it up, then drive, change gear. . [Verse 47: YUMDDA(염따)]. Cheonheo-dong bridge don't know, that was all. Part at the gas station 2nd floor low quality life, future kaki. Um, doll on the sofa with two wheels. We step on 'reung reung'. School uniform skirts on the shock absorber. From bottom to be here. The Quiett asks my phone number, sky high YUMDDA. I'm sorry, your life is um ... shame. We're not friends, I don't like your peeper. Fuck, fuck, fuck. . [Verse 48: Uneducated Kid]. I spent a lot of money on Flex. I paid 200 for a necklace. Luxury grades m value. Luxury grades my value. When I went to the department store. People looked at me like I was a begger. But when I go to the department store now. Fuck, they treat me like a VIP. The redeveloped man's life changes. People get stimulated looking at me. Bastards who always make an excuse lay their eyes in front of me. Uneducated, I never changed. Even if I taste money, I am a thief. If someones tries to teach me, I'll beat you. If someone tries to teach me, I'll beat you. . [Verse 49: myunDo]. Call 119 fast. Settin' thangs on fire, one of my abilities. Like Hyoutoko oil inside of me. All I gotta do is spit fire. I know everybody will do tight rap in this, so I won't. It's dat remix like One Penny pt. 2. Every Korean rapper gathered and made fire. Sorry already, sorry firefighters. . [Verse 50: Takeone]. Fire, it's fire you don't need to call 119 when I appear. The time when I work is every day and night, so don't worry. CPR on dying tracks reviving rhythm. Always keep basics, feels like settling everyday. I wash it all the ground that you burned. My mental illness is incurable, it always goes upside down. If it is the same position as yours, change it. Respect is dead, maybe. Then I'll revive it once again. It's not a whack thing, Korean Peninsula. Bitch I'm on fire. PEACE. . [Verse 51: GRAY (그레이)]. We bring the fire, we bring the fire. Call 1-1-9 yeah, You'll get burned. We bring the fire, we bring the fire. Call 1-1-9 yeah, let's make it rain. 119 (IM, JM, H1GHR gang). 119 (Hi-Lite, GRANDLINE. Amoeba gang). 119 (VMC, Ambi, 1llionaire). 119 (artists only money getter)7Embed