Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don’t shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don’t shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. . [Chorus]. Growing up, I could never trust a cop for my own good. Black and blue was just another gang in my neighborhood. You got good guys and got bad guys on the same field, my people still trying to find acceptance with the same ones that'll hate them and that's evil. [Verse]. I woke up been feeling like Moses. Why do people still believe that they own us?. Just because my family woke up in Egypt, doesn't mean I belong where they wronged us. I am a black man, I got a real wife, I got a real life, I got a family. You ain't listen when we sat and we kneeled. Collin Kaepernick, we going to plan B. Why you gotta go and reaffirm the way I feel while being around cops?. Yeah, now an officer wants to see us dead, ’cuz yo daddy said I was the opp. I’m sick and tired, you keep claiming it's ignorance, tell me: "Canon how we pose to be different?". I shouldn’t know more about your history and how they've treated us because of my pigment?. Hear you saying: "Get the facts, all facts, get the whole truth, show some respect". You concerned with a statement from officers that would kill a man, his knee on his neck. Now we on one, forget it I been on it, time to organize what you gone do to me. Flip over tables and chairs, incinerate it, but don't burn down your own community. Tired of the same old system. Tired of the same old victims. Tired of the same old Christians talking. You ain't even listening. Look, if he can’t breathe, then we can't breathe: that's a culture. How you scared to fend for you life with guns out the holster?. Niggas is tired of murder, yeah, I said it, niggas tired of the same verdict. I'm so sick and tired of giving them verses, I'm so sick and tired of nothing working. Don't stop and frisk before you stop to witness, that's a real person. Now them bullets flying and somebody dying, and it wasn't worth it. Every part of my body inside of me, feeling ready to go riot and ride. But my family is all I that got. Should I cock it back or keep it inside?. Why should worry about what you don't understand?. My people, I stand with the pain. Tell me: how am I suppose to be fine when it's black people dying again and again?. No, don't call me. No, don't text me. I don't want empathy. Don't try to check me. You do not get to tell me how to feel. When, all reality, you do not respect me. I got love for the right ones and wrong ones, only God can judge you. These ain't the old times, my people tired, so it's hard to tell you what they won't do, yeah. You might also like[Chorus]. Growing up, I could never trust a cop for my own good. Black and blue was just another gang in my neighborhood. You got good guys and got bad guys on the same field, my people still trying to find acceptance with the same ones that'll hate them and that's evil. . [Post-Chorus]. That's evil, I cannot breathe, yeah. Can't tell me that ain't evil. That's evil, I cannot breathe. Tell me that ain't evil. That's evil, I cannot breathe, yeah. Can't tell me that ain't evil. That's evil, I cannot breathe. Tell me that ain't evil. . [Outro]. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot. Hands up, don't shoot3Embed