Look what I’ve found, come get down. It’s that revolution sound. Call it second emancipation, break these chains and let me out. It’s not violence I’m on about, but riot boots still hit the ground. Lower the gun put down the whip. Take a step back hear me out. I am fanatic, employ guerilla tactics. Open up this lyrical automatic and put holes in your rhetoric. It’s archaic, kind of chaotic, almost barbaric. But yet you stand and you swear by it. And I’ve been readily, steadily waiting for a chance to resist. The devil is a liar, topple the empire. Blood sweat tears and desire. I put my heart into this. Never forget I’m a soldier. I will not be conquered. [Chorus]. I can’t walk this road forever, and I can’t forget the past. My soul is under pressure, and it's killing me. It’s destroying me within, my need for emancipation. My soul is under pressure, and it’s killing me. . [Post-Chorus]. Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness, equality and justice for all. Now you know you lying. . [Verse 2]. You on that shotgun philosophy, celebrate the tragedy. Build an effigy high to the heavens to remind me and blind me. Turn the whole world into my enemy. Control my destiny and drain all my energy. It’s insane to me. Got the whole nation sedated and medicated. A testimony to the violence. Yet you still give me that ghetto education. Basically priming me to feed me to the prison industry. I see all of the cowards, the greed, the need to hold control over me. Break these chains, end the power. I’d rather you give back what you stole from me. . [Chorus]. I can’t walk this road forever, and I can’t forget the past. My soul is under pressure, and it's killing me. It’s destroying me within, my need for emancipation. My soul is under pressure, and it’s killing me. You might also like[Bridge]. Excuse me Mr. officer, come out of my sector. No need to stress, no need for vex. . [Verse 3]. Yo, excuse me your honor, fuck the drama. No apologies, I save that for my mama. Take my name off of the docket. Drop all these charges. All it took was a spark, all it took was a catalyst. Martin said it best, I live a life with no violence. So I speak up, no longer silent. I begin to see. My third eye is opening. My resolve is strengthening. I yearn to be free. . [Chorus]. I can’t walk this road forever, and I can’t forget the past. My soul is under pressure, and it's killing me. It’s destroying me within, my need for emancipation. My soul is under pressure, and it’s killing me. . [Bridge]. Excuse me Mr. officer no need for war. Trying to drain my energy, but you can’t keep me down. [Outro]. I can’t walk this road forever, and I can’t forget the past. My soul is under pressure, but it won’t kill me5Embed