This is the activation of the emergency broadcast system. . [Chorus: YG]. Fuck Donald Trump. Fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. It's for our people. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Ain't nobody else gon' speak up, we gon' speak up. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. [Verse 1: G-Eazy]. I got a question (Uh). How'd he make it this far? How the fuck did it begin? (Uh). A Trump rally sounds like Hitler in Berlin. Or KKK shit, now I'm goin' in. I'm just sayin' what's real, I don't give a fuck who I offend. 'Cause it's gotta be said, it's gotta be said. It's off the top like the toupee on Donald Trump's head (Yeah). This man's not peaceful, racism's evil. This man hates Muslims, that's a billion fuckin' people. If truth be told, Donald is a terrorist. Reasons why the world's got a problem with Americans. The fuck is goin' on? People just passed. A mass murder happened, you said thanks for the congrats (Fuck). You tryna get your votes up, you don't got class (Uh). Orlando was a tragedy, you react fast. And then made it 'bout you, to boost your campaign (Yeah). It's goin' all bad if he wins this damn thing. Man, America's fucked if he's next up. Take a day to undo what Obama fixed up. It's Young Gerald so you know who said it (Easy). And Ivanka can get it, straight up. . [Chorus: YG]. Fuck Donald Trump. Fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. You might also like[Verse 2: Macklemore]. Oh, we ridin', check it. Now, we protest when we see the tour bus (Bang, bang). Too scared to get out, that's why the door is shut (Bang, bang). Your politics are like a Starburst pack (Why?). Nobody fucks with the orange one (Biatch). Bannin' all Muslims? Aight, fool (This guy). What if we ban all the white dudes?. Because a couple have run up in trenchcoats and rifles. And killed in the name of Jesus Christ at the high school. How 'bout we stop sellin' automatic guns?. You got rich 'cause your daddy gave you automatic funds. Add it up, you an automatic punk, what it is?. I'm just tryna make America great again! (Mothafucka). Party in the streets when Hillary wins. If she don't, my girl's half Canadian. Actually nah, I'm not gonna stay with them. I got an eagle on my arm, I'm a patriot. I'ma stay right here, I ain't livin' in fear. With my people who are Muslims, Mexican and Queer. And we ain't gonna let you fuck up four years. Ain't gonna let you fuck up four years. . [Chorus: YG]. Fuck Donald Trump. Fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Send it over. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Ain't nobody feelin' your ass. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Ain't nobody feelin' your ass. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Here we go again. [Verse 3: YG]. Thought I was makin' songs just to ride to. But come to find out your own kind don't even like you. Macklemore don't like you, G-Eazy don't like you. The rest weenies, they scared to say it, but they don't like you. Obama don't like you, Michelle don't like you. Been tryna make it to one of your rallies but I ain't have time to (Punk). Piss on your golf course just to find you (Ooh). Like where you hidin' at? Who you lyin' to?. Fuck your get rich scheme, I've been ballin' out. You're too old, you keep lyin', that's why your hair fallin' out. Donald Trump, call him out, KKK supporter. His favorite phrase, "Deport 'em," how the fuck y'all endorse him?. Since America's fucked up anyway. Give Obama a third term, that's what plenty say. Just left Texas, hit the stage for a couple thousand. And had your same color people hollerin'. . [Chorus: YG]. Fuck Donald Trump. Fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, nigga, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah, fuck Donald Trump. Yeah44Embed