[Emcee(s): Monochrome and Black Sun]. [Producer(s): Nick Wiz]. . [Intro: Monochrome]. From the door. . [Hook: Monochrome, Black Sun, and Shadowz In Da Dark]. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflage.  Yeah!. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought. [Verse 1: Monochrome]. Yo, make it rain. Like jump shots, we’re hot when the clouds rough. Touch mics like lightning strikes, the foul thug. Bless, born, bred hardhead, loving Ricans and dreads.  Shaolin. Let me hear you howl and lick shot for the Island, yeah!. You step in fear when my shadow appear and it’s shady. Mist of the darkness with a handful of grеnadies. So say your gracies.  I’ll blow your spot from kingdom come to Haitiеs. Your outcome: a column of survival “maybes”. These cats don’t play these fake aces or jokers, poker faces. Destroy provokers, get that dread a phone call to the folks. It’s a shame how brothers got locks on their brain.  You free. The mind, you free the body of pain.  Yo, what’s my name?. Monochrome many shades, one color that blend, sick with. The pens, get your army of mens, predict their ends. I sh… out the record when I hit ‘em, drop bombs.  Your snake. I charm, serpent be calm, swallow your deadly venom. From a chalice, this brother’s badder than Alec in Malice. Challenge a rocket-booster, just flew in from Dallas. . [Hook: Monochrome, Black Sun, and Shadowz In Da Dark]. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  What?!?  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  What?!?  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought. You might also like[Verse 2: Black Sun]. Now I see. Under siege, you gotta believe. Sub you now, import these jewels like Tel Aviv appraisal. Priceless, the righteous stay wise, live. Footage, thugs look crooked like Saint Ides follow. Science of life, my alliance stay tight, aight?!?. Bust your bubble like trident, right?!?  Feel the pressure. From short sets to Gore-Tex weather. Smooth as Coach leather, let’s slide like aloe vera. Whatever’s whatever, son.  You’re soft like rayon. Pastel color brothers get marked like crayons, you ain’t on. Our level.  C. and Seckle, we’re permanent. Burning this tobacco leaf with herb in it, serving it. All sorts, examine thoughts like CAT scans. Rap fans, the cyanide lace the TASCAM. Cross the badlands with caravans behind me. The raw army fold you up like origami. C-clack!  Bust back!  Bullseye!  Trust that you ain’t. Tough, jack.  We’ll take ‘em to war like Arawak—c-clack!. Bust back!  Bullseye!  Trust that. Captains and lieutenants attack [?]. . [Hook: Monochrome, Black Sun, and Shadowz In Da Dark]. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought. [Verse 3: Monochrome and Black Sun]. Yo. My filthy process get dirty [?] Loch Ness—listen!. It’s hot in the kitchen when these soldiers get to mixing hits and. Fitting the clip in, vocal barrels get to spitting written. Or frees, we’re twisting these trees, forget to mention. The smoky stench and step in a room consumed with tension. Fire entire staff, send ‘em home with early pension. Sinistar V’s-O-I-C-E-Z. Burn trees forevermore, forever raw, we be’s. Shadowz In Da Dark emcees. Dropping ‘nough degrees easily.  Yeah, no doubt. Soon, you’ll see my family with G’s, weed. Work these tracks like blue-collar employees, these. Shadowz In Da Dark are rhyme-sparkers. Bullseye, dead-center, you know the darker archers hit. Harder, bogarter, camouflager in fatigues. Captains and lieutenants got you open like keys. . [Hook: Monochrome, Black Sun, and Shadowz In Da Dark]. Word. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought. From raw thought to ball court, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars fought.  What?!?  You can’t. Withstand our onslaught, real game to hold fort. Camouflaged brothers with scars from wars foughtEmbed