(iO cheffin', issa issue). . [Chorus]. How you gonna run the world? You can't even run your life. I'm Destiny's Child, every day I survive. No time to plan, I had to improvise. If you was real, you would recognize. How do you sleep at night. When you don't even fight for your right?. How do you sleep at night. When you never even fight for your right?. [Verse 1]. We run from 'rales with the mullianis. They can't see my face, I'm like a hijabi. I gotta stack bread 'cause I'm building my army. They know I'm so solid, they callin' me Harvey. I get all the 'usna and all of the narnis. I might make a baby and breed me a Barbie. I got one like Nicki and one like Cardi. You might see me and RiRi in a 'Rari. I'm The Farda, I'm givin' the orders. How can my man overcharge us?. I had to finesse, I done a kawalis. I don't ever rest, that's why I'm the hardest. Get the bread, avoid the drama. You can avoid the feds but not the karma. Protect your chest with body armor. And get the llama from the farmer. . [Chorus]. How you gonna run the world? You can't even run your life. I'm Destiny's Child, every day I survive. No time to plan, I had to improvise. If you was real, you would recognize. How do you sleep at night. When you don't even fight for your right?. How do you sleep at night. When you never even fight for your right?. You might also like[Verse 2]. Bang the mash but hold it steady. Skinny man but I'm rollin' heavy. I saw boydem flyin' in the heli'. It was a big dilemma like Nelly and Kelly. Made a list of all my goals like my name is Earl. I was a real nigga till I fucked my nigga's girl. The only way to repay him is to give him the world. And when I get my own wife, he can fuck her as well. A hundred racks on my bail, fuck sittin' in jail. Had feds on my tail but they gon' burn in Hell. I got eight months but my niggas doin' a L. And as long as I'm alive, we can never fail. My nigga wants a new wap, but I told him, "Relax". Right now I gotta stack and pay for my tax. I used to fling packs but I still prayed with the Akhs. Now I do rap, but I still play with the MAC. . [Chorus]. How you gonna run the world? You can't even run your life. I'm Destiny's Child, every day I survive. No time to plan, I had to improvise. If you was real, you would recognize. How do you sleep at night. When you don't even fight for your right?. How do you sleep at night. When you never even fight for your right?. [Chorus]. How you gonna run the world? You can't even run your life. I'm Destiny's Child, every day I survive. No time to plan, I had to improvise. If you was real, you would recognize. How do you sleep at night. When you don't even fight for your right?. How do you sleep at night. When you never even fight for your right?. . [Outro]. At night. Fight for you right. At night. Fight for you right4Embed