Leprechaun-orange beard bars is somethin' you gotta deal wit'!. Either that, or some real shit. I'm talkin' no leg shots. The shit I palm for heads (foreheads) like I feel sick. Real shit, word to Mommy. For y'all thinkin' this herb could stop me. My last 2-on-2, with Chess on my back: I'll reverse the body!. I had to study this verse, rehearse the body. Then got a box to put you in one: I'm re-hearsin' bodies. Get used to Steams shootin' these niggas that's not crew wit' me. Wit' army guns from the Carter battle, I got two or three. Old straps, 'cause these new clips (Clips) not what they used to be. You could be a bitch. When Dan yells (Danielle), I hear a broad now. Tell Chuck I'm tailored. We can converse whenever: I got star rounds!. 'Lyt get the longest night. King, you won't see Day for a long while. Jones? Boring!. I'll take Chill' out, and won't calm down. Rip through the street, breakin' ya block up: I'm layin' tar down!. Who the God now?. Faking this inspiration, a sad actor. 'Cause you and B. Dot talked that shit, then battled white boys for the chain. That's ass-backwards!. Fake-preaching. For that factor, I gotta set him straight. 'Cause the only thing I'm offerin' God is a flipped cap: that's a collection plate. Bet he stay in his crib, screamin', "Bar God!" like he did somethin'. Ashtray at Daishiki house: spinnin' 'round his kids punchin'. Bet you gon' say I used to choke a lot, and it's disgustin'. But that shit got old before it started like Ben Button. Arnold and Wills: nigga, this kid drummin' (Drummond). Start sprintin' when I'm hittin', or y'all the Clintons. First you, then your bitch runnin'!. I'm feelin' lucky, like Ace before Lulu and Mitch stunted. My palm itchy, I got the slot machine: I'mma hit somethin'. Stop talkin'! You did nothin'!. Hang it up, or these shots callin'. Before he bang on me, his end comin'. This kid buggin', 'cause what he didn't mention. Is it's a ladder on this star's .45, but that's my secret extension. It's like that!. Fuck you and ya light raps!. You taught your cousin how to hold the ratchet, then had to hold his casket? They hyped that. My unc' gave me the gun from young, told me it's my strap. Me, a group of niggas, and my gat. Off the stoop wit' niggas, then right back. It grew wit' niggas, but I ain't like it...'cause of the nose: I'm Mike Jack!. Your light raps, it's funny, 'cause you a fan of the boy Tay. This dick-rider ain't wanna rock (Roc) wit' Kannon 'til he joined Cave. But off Kannon, 'cause I took that battle for granted. But you got a death wish, I'm lettin' the four grant it. You inherited this loss, money, so I can't leave you alone (a loan) like poor parents!. These my war antics. But play hero, and settle for a cold cut like a store sandwich. I'm tryin' to do more damage. Cut out the red meat 'til he turn vegan. This pussy goin' back to Organik (organic)!. If your plan is to speak on Chess' success, stop, chump. You ever heard. Me hate on that man? Not once. I'm from the Army: little bro 'posed to be on the top bunk!. So stop frontin' and drop somethin'. I got a bullet for every freckle on your face. Nigga, the club ain't lit when ya spots jumpin'!. Wait, I forgot somethin'. One more subject to get touched. I hate wife-beaters, and you hit the slut when it get rough. So think Bonus Round, the way I be buckin' his whip up. I'mma give D V cases for fuckin' his bitch up!. One more thing that I got to do. He called me a janitor. Mailroom shit: this stock needed a ladder to get ya box to you. CakeLyfe!. [Round 1: Danny Myers]. You went from Kareem Washington to "The Beam". I'll give you props to the fullest. But I'm a Wizard.... Even before the name change, I would've gave Washington Bullets!. If I had to take an odd guess. I'd say I'm about five steps from God's breath. My boy just got killed in his Charger. Now me and my niggas is tryna Dodge death. When you first started, you was fire. I can't call that trash. But you got lighter, and blew up around all that gas!. Don't get it twisted! I'll put this steel in ya face!. I raised ten babies: I know how to peel from the waist!. I got loyal soldiers. I swear to God my boy'll smoke ya. He said this beef been simmerin', but he'll put Steams in the air if it boils over. It's been anticipation, but at the same time, niggas hatin'. So I'll reach in this holster and draw from it like inspiration!. Jeez, he should first cover, 'cause you been actin' funny on the block. So for that, I'll follow up and put money in a box!. All y'all missed it. Jeezy, Inspiration was the follow-up, and the first cover had money in a box. See how I trap rappers?. Do you believe in a Parallel Universe? I do. Let me demonstrate it. My granny was puttin' change in the collection plate, while I was holdin' a nickel-plated. So you the head of the Cakes? That's cool, because I shoot leaders. I'll be in your hood, lookin' for the correct marks like a proofreader. First nigga run up, head shot. It's worse following. I'mma wig (Whig) on every man around like the first Colonies!. I promised him: he was destined for death. Or plastic surgery: I brought somethin' extra for Chess (chest)!. Aye, JayBlac. Aye, JayBlac, look at his squad. He run wit' a bunch of crackheads. You ain't gotta do a review, but I'mma hit four out of five black (Blac) heads!. Hold on, hold on.... And you brought this bitch Tay Money wit'chu!?. You might also like[Steams]. Damn right. . [Danny Myers]. You gon' suck me 'til I dribble on the ground!. That's how you come off the top in the MIDDLE of a round!. Chrome pipes!. Steams, you in for a long night!. I don't care if I have beef wit' a blind man: it's on sight!. I'm from the bottom. To this day, I'm still sick 'bout it. I had enough school clothes to last from Monday to Wednesday. Then I had to mix outfits. I had to borrow shirts. I went to school with shit another nigga worn. I didn't realize it then, but that was training me how to adjust to another nigga form!. I am Plato's ideologies wrapped inside Horus' mind. You can't correspond wit' a man who has the core of Spawn. I chain-punch!. Spawn...chain - shout to Mickey Factz. I remove wigs. But niggas deny my greatness 'cause I ain't one of the cool kids. Get ya life together!. Miss me with all the hi-jinks!. Nigga, you 30, and best friends wit' a nigga who can't even buy drinks!. But between y'all, I'mma have to say the child the best. Soon as I get space, you'll see the baby monster poppin' outta Chess (chest)!. I'm alienated!. I could go into God Mode, I've got options. I don't have to fully wipe the floor wit' this nigga: I'm just spot-moppin'. Glock-cockin', come ready wit' both 9's raised. I'm with the shit, I already know crime pays. I brought the Great Western for 'em (Forum). Y'all gon' see an L.A. shooter pass a bullet to Kareem like the Showtime days!. Your team questionable. BOW! Spine shot!. Even if he don’t die, it’s (diet) gon’ make Steams vegetable!. Incredible, I’m different, King. And my fif’ is mean. I don’t need a two-way pager just for me to get The Beam. Go ‘head and spit your schemes. WeGoHard, they some witty scoundrels. But who voted for you?. You just a nigga that City counsel (council). I’m too much, I’m too much. So you ‘sposed to be a role model for Chess?. Well, that’s some shit you gotta prove, then. ‘Cause in two years, he gon’ get his own apartment, and you gon’ move in!. Facts! Facts!. You ain’t gon’ have shit on the bills. This is not what the norm do. You gon’ be on his fridge, writin’ yo’ name on the orange juice!. Aye! Aye! Aye!. Chess gon’ have hoes in the house. Bitches gon’ be gettin’ fucked by the floor. You gon’ in your room, being a pervert with a cup by the door!. So you from the Projects, huh?. The OGs taught you to extort cream?. How can there be any veterans from yo’ hood, when every nigga in yo’ Fort Green?. And y'all got a sports team!. We on the ‘Net, I told these niggas. Steams can spit, but every bar clay (Barclays): I mold these niggas!. Look at his face right now!. They gon’ make that an emoji, nigga!. If Gwitty is Paper, I’m Origami: I fold these niggas!. I hold these triggers ‘til you on the ground wit’ this shit. This wack MC got another two rounds of this shit!. (Yikes!). [Round 2: Steams]. You the Bar God?. I’m the Pen Sire, boy (SyahBoy). That mean I two-step wit’ my jawn (John). So you know I’m extra strapped, like a dyke threesome in a lesbian porn. I brought the Desert for your heifer, and this TEC for your mom. But I’mma put this MAC on you like Miss Parker, wettin’ the lawn. Potholes: I get around (a round) in the street. That’s instrumental, like the sound of the beat. Try to dance and get rocked slow. We move out, like bagged-up sneakers and boxed clothes. I’ll let a shot go...he’ll have a celibate casket: his box closed!. Or I’m at your door, puttin’ in pain (Payne) wit’ the Roscoe. It’s long, and the front of it drip: it’s a snot-nose!. Til the block close, or I’m comin’ to get him. He think it’s set-up ‘til he got set up by one of his niggas. He’s married to the block, slums, and the trenches. Well, his pop’s a rolling stone. And the kids? It’s goin’ out to every one of you bitches. Okay, D? Shots ain’t just for you and your main squeeze. I plot on the God, get the drop on his squad like J. Reid. That go for you, Chilla, and JC. But where’s Trez? I’m tryin’ to get next to the Chef, like KD!. Let in ring in the East, then send you back to the West with KG. So I could use this new thing I’mma buy. But I couldn’t bring it out here. It’s a J.R. (Jr.) Smith: they don’t ring in N.Y.!. But you gon’ call me a PG?. Cool, I move at my pace, sir (Pacer). But this PG gon’ still outshine you: you Danny Granger!. If I use two fours, I’ll get twenty for (24) retirin’ you, like the Lakers. Or let it sing in your face, cause he gon' see the two fours like Shaq. I'll let the first three win with the 8 just for cryin'. 'Bout some top ten list, cause you not in it. Stop bitchin', you not winnin'. This shit is a lot different. Double extendo, hand gun, everybody get shot wit' it. Tell the Bar God, make sure I don't serve over the shot limit. I'm not wit' it. I will yellow tape all of these block nig- Yellow Tape. Do y'all get it?. I will still NuBorn, I'm not kid-ding. But this west coast nigga gon' feel it in his soul like 'Pac lyrics. With these arms together, I'm bringin' y'all close to the God spirit. Do y'all hear it?. I say "break a leg" it ain't luck bitch, I can't stand you. Fresh off Double Impact, I ain't need my brother to Van Damme you. Whatchu want? The lake or the damn handle?. You can get picked up in a white van or turn up in a dam, Daniel. Daniel's done!. Fuck Karate Kid I'ma show Daniel guns. This Smith, boy and the next kick is for Daniel son (Daniel-san). This other grip in my palm, is not for ya Baby Boy arm Melvin big. It's gon' lift up ya moms cause she made you a fuck boy. Time to address it in round 2. You see Surf and Math debatin'. Wanna get in the crowd too, how you. Screen shot JPay e-mails to clown Boom?. That's how clowns move. Then said free him in a battle to sound cool. And I ain't fuckin' wit' that. I don't know y'all reason for callin' him a turtle, but mine? Is cause he fuck with the rats. I had enough of his rap. Stop soupin' this nigga. If gas made Caesar's monkeys smarter, well he's a turtle so the oohs (ooze) make him bigger. Truthfully, I hate snitches. Why do you think you should speak?. A tomb deceased is the only place that you should be. Ah Di home, nah, that's a face shot. Come watch this Boom release. Who is he?. I don't give a fuck about this God hobby. God prolly pussy, strike me now, like "God try me". Fuck ya belief, I will knock the science and math outta God body. Bodyguard, switch it, get past tense, have God bodied. Cake Lyfe. . [Round 2: Danny Myers]. We Go Hard gon' remain lame. I send these niggas to the grave slain. Someone will give it to you, but you won't know who, it's like a slave name. You can't depend on folks, so fight for yourself or get your dental's broke. He is not fire for real, Steam only resembles smoke. I don't say much, I just hold 'em off with the tre tucked. Arm to the back of his head, he's showin' off with the layup. You gon' wake up, I'm all in your house with the .5 airin'. Me sendin' his mom and dad to Heaven gives new meaning to God parents. Niggas be talkin' crazy in them blogs 'til you get in they face and see what side they're on. I'm here to put the beam in check like Cyclops with his visor on. A pound of flesh will drop outta his body after the 'matics burst. You'll see some nasty shit comin' out this pussy like afterbirth. Ya baby mama, sucked my dick at y'all baby shower. You don't believe me, ask her for me. That bitch an animal wit' the head, that's taxidermy. She a freak hoe, with a bomb head game. Lil' crazy bitch, and she gave me that wet pussy that made me twitch. But the most disrespectful part, she wiped my nut with a napkin. Balled it up, shot it at yo' son crib and made the shit. Amazin' bitch. Me and the homies fuck, the whole team would smash it. When I nutted it, that hoe had me lookin' like a Steams reaction. The thing'll clap him and the TEC'll blow. Steams, death is close, once Chess in scope. I start lickin' wit' the finger like I'm testin' dope. Cake Lyfe. Which one of y'all niggas I'm [?] next?. Presidential Dubbs can get dragged behind this bitch like a weddin' dress. Rap vandal- fuck it. I'll hit this nigga with beam 'til he die. JR Smith didn't win a championship but these bitches ringin' in NY. Rap vandal, the gat ram you 'til they CAT scan you. This extended clip look like a fire fighter holdin' an axe handle. I'll pull out my blade, sharpen it, then sever his skull on it. My point? War with me, there's never a dull moment. You better hope this shit is worth the war. That Mossberg put you under the Earth for sure. This shit'll knock down a wall like gettin' through to a bitch that's been hurt before. The plug fronted the homie a whole brick, he ain't know how to act wit' it. He fucked around and let a nigga hold it who ain't come back wit' it. I paid 26K to save his life. You and Chess did a helicopter move. What I'm sayin' is, we put our niggas on our back different. The MAC lift him, bars is raps spittin'. I say some cold stuff, I'll give you one line which can turn into a fade like a bowl cut. But hold bruh, I'm just followin' the callin' to the truth. Catch you in Brooklyn, it's Saki until you fall into the stoop. Ain't no callin' it a truce. You won't understand the gravity of the situation until your baby's fallin' from a roof. The fo' will clap. And I hold this MAC until his soul relax. This cartridge makes me a warrior amongst dwarfs, that's Golden Axe. The next time this nigga be at a battle, you'll see a .38 clappin' like me at a battle. Alright, alright, I ain't .38 but close enough. I'm only off by a few days. That's just a metaphor tellin' y'all I'm the top gunner in this new age. I'll headshot Chess right in front of you. I'm gon' spin this banger. You'll see a man sleepin' amongst Steams like when you open a cryogenic chamber. If we took away all the chokes and stumbles you did. Your resume would seem meaner. There's too many blemishes in your fabric, I wanna see Steam cleaner. I'm the GOAT, but these dumb ass niggas keep attackin' Danny. You'll get a headstone faster than a cheatin' wife of Pakistani. You can't rock wit' me. I'll up the blade and part through him. Even if he holdin' a knife and a gun I'll still put you on a sharp shooter. This is an art junior. And even though he already on the ground with this shit. This wack MC got a whole 'nother round of this shit. Yikes!. . [Round 3: Steams]. Finally!. My pen movin' vs Danny Myers from Writer's Bloque. Which really don't make sense, cause you write a lot. Fuck Writer's Bloque. When I swing, duck this right or block. You won't be able to get past the punch, cause that's writer's block. When his iron pop, I let it sprinkle around your house. It's like I'm tryin' to get a wrinkle out of a blouse. The way I iron tops. New chrome, off the shelf, like fresh rims in a tire shop. But if this gun jam on Myers, watch. I go nuts, pick up another grip, spin him again like the Plies drop. But for Danny, I ain't gotta pop. I give you defeats, make you go home and reminisce on the beach like retired cops. But fuck retired cops, Danny, you ready to die or not?. Click on your brows or (browser), just heat up your Earth like FireFox. Tell that ant lookin' bitch that it's time to rock. That marriage was suicide. If you ain't gon' hang in there, why did you tie the knot?. Myers stop, with that ugly bitch and all them kids you should be used to. The worst day of your life? Being inside a box. Why did Dot say you had too many kids to pull out?. They gon' have to mourn you. Cause you said you never reached. So why would we expect you to have it on you?. A flick is a shot. That's a box. You gettin' framed like they stashed it on you. Fried for your chips. Grab the potato and mash it on you. When your spine broke, your sense of feelin'? You'll lose that. Your old crib was torched, ya get it?. He won't be able to move back. Legs, shoulders, knees and toes like nursery school rap. Then I'mma tie up your family with enough rope to have a nursery school wrap. Matter of fact, turn my back cause I shouldn't be rappin' towards you. Yo, Chess, don't tell chrome wifey, but I got a new ratchet for you. It's a little toy. . [Chess]. What that mean? That I'm blastin' for you?. . [Steams]. Chucky doll. . [Chess]. And he (Andy) knows I'll bust through the plastic for you (foil)!. . [Steams]. Yeah, we still jumpin' niggas. 'Cause I hate Danny, fuck this nigga. It's gon' be dirt naps, bodies, covered in bed sheets, I don't comfort niggas. I run down, you run from niggas. Ya bitch? I come and mix her. Think production, have something with an engine near (engineer) or get punched in wit' her. Old Celtic, the knife Pierce, you lay flat when you drop. Or I use this .8, that's A. Walker: he'll shake after the shot. Treat them games likes a sex change, you'll get clapped in the twat. Treat ya funeral, like his surgery. He'll awake after a box. Let me stop, 'cause I can't understand the position this tranny's under. With eight rugrats, this nigga has got to be scared of rubbers. The Ol' Dirty Bastard, who likes it 'Raw'. If a bitch fuck him, then I'm scared to touch her. (Why?!). 'Cause that pussy gotta be a Lethal Weapon even if Danny glove her (Glover)!. Danny what's up? I go postal with grips like I mailed the strap. This nigga here will fall then all tears (tiers) will fall like the jail collapsed. I heard you dipped on your fam' and Indiana is where you left 'em at. "Daddy gone", how you tell 'em that?. Kids like, "Where the hell he at?". For that, you goin' to Hell and back. This .9 in my hand? Like death row, you're like time in the can', how you gon' bail on that?. Should shell his hat. Kill this man to be finished but no mam', phone plan. Shit work better when your whole family get it. But if the URL family wit' it, I want Ty. Cause I hate you and (in) Law like family visits. Fuck your whole family nigga, with metal I'm foldin' shit. Twin .9's, get raised on Danny, it's like the Olsen Twins. No, no, left hand turned, right laid over it. So Danny gon' get 2 for 1 and he won't notice it. Y'all know this no fair, when he fire like Street Fighter we both kick fire. Dan's ain't goin' nowhere. He just throwin' the air. 3-0 [?] but no body this beam good. Let's see what you do when it's ya go Scottie. Go Scottie!. . [Round 3: Danny Myers]. Y'all had a to jump a nigga. Should've been a lil' tougher, you a lil' sucker. What type of nigga y'all know go fight wit' a nigga but go and get his lil' brother. . Dear Ms. Battle Rap. I spent my entire life lookin' for you. At age 20, with only $200, I moved from L.A. to Brooklyn for you. I tried to get your attention to let you know I was into you. I took $12,000 out my own pocket to throw a battle that a nigga threw. Yet I remained loyal, despite all these niggas that wanna get wit'chu. Soon as I turn my head, you fuck wit' lame niggas but that's just what bitches do. Then niggas start puttin' money in ya pocket. You became less pure for them lust offers. So we had to downgrade. We went from bein' in love to just fuck partners. So I married Vicki but kept you as a side bitch. Then it became apparent you got jealous, wanted me back and started fuckin' with my marriage. But you ain't want me when you had me!. I showed you I can be down. These other niggas fucked you for two minutes. I constantly gave you three rounds!. Bitch, I'm done wit'chu, 'cause you don't know what bein' a team 'bout. My bad, my nigga, I just had to let a lil' Steam out. Bitch, this Writer's Bloque. After this, he gots to hate his life. Chilla don't give a shit, he the constipated type. JC will send ya fuckin' soul, ya stock will pay the price. How ironic, the Beam could never fuck wit' a concentrated light. This is not the day to hype!. I rep the West, but niggas gladly hate. Niggas think I support ISIS the way I care about Cali fate (Caliphate). I blast his fuckin' friend with the sawed-off pump. I'm where the trouble stems. The shot went in and out. I blamed it on a double rim!. You ushered in this era of "breakin'. Down. Every. Word.". That shit forever slow. Why the fuck you rap like that, honestly, I will never know. Fans and bloggers hate that shit. Yo' style remind me of yo' haircut, 'cause you holdin' on to a line, when you really just should let it go!. Berettas blow, I'll creep in your window wit' the chrome boomin'. Detectives will bring chalk in his house like he home-schoolin'. I'm a hood nigga on everything, raised around deadly gangs. Cabinets full of 7-11 cups and bowls wit' the spaghetti stains. Facts! Facts!. And I don't wanna battle Chess, 'cause at that point, I would've lost my merit. I would only fuck wit' the kid for the check like a foster parent!. When you be sparring wit' yo' squad, they don't be tellin' you the truth, Champ. You don't have live rounds even when you train: that's boot camp. You got a deuce clamped. I ain't into that, I got a bigger strap. I blew (blue) .44: that's how a nigga Snap!. You gon' pay for somethin'. Calm the fuck down, nigga! My patience runnin'. You gon' hear *chk* four times in a row, like when Jason comin'!. The K is dumpin'! 30 shot!. You finna get hurt. The clip longer than the last ten minutes of church. Niggas always put they self on a level with God. 'Til they die, and find themselves havin' to level with God. Bitch, come to California. I don't sit idle for threats. The gang culture is real - we beat rivals to death. That shit is passed through generations. It's like Bruce and Brandon Lee: I done seen fathers and sons die on the set!. Bar God!. When I battled Rex, a lot of y'all had some mixed thoughts. I seen what happens when the niggas run off on the plug before.... And I seen what happens when they get caught. Fuck all the slick talk!. Surf! I'll let sparks blast at your mark ass!. You supposed to be a gangsta, but all up in yo' battles gettin' hard-grabbed. Runnin' from water bottles, but supposed to have a dog pass. And since we in New York, this is the perfect place for me to Park Ave!. BAR GOD!. You on the ground wit' this shit. Thank the Lord he ain't got another round of this shit. Yikes!Embed