Mmm. Ladies. My favorite ladies. . [Verse: MF DOOM]. Mary—you make me wanna eat you. Every time I see you, it's like the first time I meet you. Fragrance like a flower—subtle and sweet too. Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see-through. Like my genie in a bottle. Miss could get me rich look like a magaziney model. Before you know it, he have her on a stroll. Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold. If I had to guess, just right, not a day old. Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load (trailer load). Know the right number, you can get her. And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder, like. Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry. Just be cute, and don't worry. Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it. Then she started losing weight and letting everybody hit it (Ally). Unlike Ally—sometimes she get bitter. Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her. She used to let me use her, back when I was looser. Respect her until to this day and never did abuse her. I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me. I probably could've been, if I'd never met Evie. She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco. You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though. Kept a shorty mad fine 'n' much thinner. If caught, I get mad time just for touchin' her. Knock wood, so much for hymens. So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds (Lucy). Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing. At times she would play hard to get, fronting. Or something, she made me feel like the number one king. Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling. Met her out in Central Park, that's one sign. Had the God mentally sparked, reflecting sunshine. She said, "You need to stop messing with that white girl. She fuckin' with your head and got your heart in a tight curl" (cookie). We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me. She helped me get money at the dunce price OT. Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish. Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish (Miss Hazy). And Miss Hazy; older woman, mature, Black. Every time she sees me, I end up gettin' towed back. All she want me to do is blaze it crazy. The only one complaint is that she make me too lazy. Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi. Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me. It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on. Ally is always there to help me get back on. [Outro: MF DOOM]. Mmm. Ladies. My favorite ladiesYou might also like14Embed