Floyd can be heard telling officers that he can't breathe at least 16 times in less than 5 minutes. . {Hook}. Good luck not getting accused of discrimination. Or the brutalities, the worlds had enough of these casualties. Your lack of information, causing fatalities. Fuck the police killing us off like geese. Chuck them badges in the garbage truck please. Fuck outta here with your corruptibility's. More like to serve & protect white privilegеd communities. What about the peoplе dying in the streets. {Verse 1}. Fuck the police, they seize the justice and peace. They are all about breaching the peace. Treating their daily arrests as a dinnertime centerpiece. You don't know what it's like to live on the streets. Looking at the black race like we are diseased animals with rabies. Shooting people who don't agree with their rights being taking away from them in front of their own babies. You call that keeping the peace? the world wants to make a statement. You pigs seem to be the ones alienated. Still stuck with how things were done in the year 1880, were in the year 2020, 140 years later. And you still don't have a new system where you treat everyone equally? it's all about power & money money. Why is it that you can't have a system where were all treated decently? we all bleed the color red internally. We are 100% equally, just different blood types, were you not raised with any decency. Why does it take Derek Chauvin being recorded doing an act of indecency. Causing an act of killing to change up the system of how we see things. How many more times are you gonna get away leaving us with these death anniversaries?. . {Opp & George}. Ahh, what do you want? I can't breathe! please. . {Hook}. Good luck not getting accused of discrimination. Or the brutalities, the worlds had enough of these casualties. Your lack of information, causing fatalities. Fuck the police killing us off like geese. Chuck them badges in the garbage truck please. Fuck outta here with your corruptibility's. More like to serve & protect white privileged communities. What about the people dying in the streets. You might also like{Verse 2}. My thought's and condolence's, to the Floyd family. The system will be changed, were all in this worldwide, not just the country. There will be an end, it's been a problem affecting how many family and friends. It should have never went on this long quite frankly. We will all band together and end this faulty system that was supposed to be care free. Not cause us this fear & extreme anxiety. That were gonna end up dead over a crooked cop doing things corruptly. All because you don't like the way we look, or the tone we are blessed to be speaking. Even worse if they see a baggy, they assume gun's are going to be found. There's so much more discrimination going down. It's hard to stay free, these clowns treating us all like were doing something wrong how profound. You could look like shaggy and I promise you they will think you smoke drugs & got 2 phones you run daily. With pounds of loud, the system was broken well before it was even set in place, it was never sound. . {Opp & George}. Get up. Mama.. Mama. Get up and get in the car right. I can't! I cannot breathe. You having fun. I cannot breathe. . {Hook}. Good luck not getting accused of discrimination. Or the brutalities, the worlds had enough of these casualties. Your lack of information, causing fatalities. Fuck the police killing us off like geese. Chuck them badges in the garbage truck please. Fuck outta here with your corruptibility's. More like to serve & protect white privileged communities. What about the people dying in the streets. {Witness}. Bro he's not fucking moving! Na did they fucking kill him broEmbed