Yo it’s Shad Fer and once you ride with me. You gon' be winnin,I can’t guarantee you won’t be sinnin'. You gon' get money,you gon' meet women when Shad. Tre Da Trigga and T.Rexx is in the building. . [Hook]. If I took a shot for every time a nigga sent shots. You damn right I’d be getting drunk a lot. Squad deep looking like a million march. And I must be Martin Luther cause. They got me got at the top. Got a whole lotta thoughts and whole lotta thots. If I took a shot for every time a nigga sent shots. You damn right I’d be getting drunk a lot. Squad deep looking like a million march. And I must be Martin Luther cause. They got me got at the top. Got a whole lotta thoughts and whole lotta thots. Got some thoughts in my head and some thots giving head. Thank God for the cheese,thank God for the bread. [Verse 1:Shad Fer]. Yo Look how far we came,you think that mean a thing. I want a Grammy, Oscar,Emmy and a championship ring. That’s my only type of bling. Plus a crown cause I’m the king. I want that bucket hat,snapback. I’m meaning head and talking slang. All my niggas get it and all my sisters get it. Don’t apologize for dissing,at the time you meant it. Hell no,I won’t forget,Im taking notes and penning. Although the status on my reply is always pending. Cause you ain’t the focus,the dough is. The hoes is,the moment. I beat that inner monster and all of my chakras open. I’m growing,maturing,my wifey,my children. Should know that I love em. Even though they ain’t here yet. This for when I’m not there in your bed. And you need someone to care. Know that you can here this. All of these hoes just hoes(hoes). And all of these clothes just clothes. But you open the doors. That ain’t supposed to close no more. . [Hook]. You might also like[Verse 2:Tre Da Trigga]. . Thank god for my life. May god bless the dead. I'm focused on my dream. As these distractions disappear. I got Voices in my ear. Telling me not to be scared. Only way to get your dreams. Is to eliminated your fears. Let me tell you about these dreams. That be appearing in my sleep. Got to be yourself. Or you get eaten by the beast. A real nigga told me there is more then living in these streets. I'm on a climb without the peak. A natural high without the trees. New connections everyday. Networking in every way. I'm thinking of how to make my life better. And see some better days. I went from the grey to seeing suns rays. Rather see then imagine,putting it all into play. Flyin' high Marvin gaye. So my mind can escape. From the lies and hate. To a place that is mine for the take. All for that cake No all for that make. All I know is the real,I pay no mind to the fake7Embed