Funny I see everything with my eyes closed. Inside my dome, I open up and see some blind souls. I take a sip of Henny, fifth, light up a white boy. I never trip, 'cause every slip-up makes my mind grow. That’s fasho. Earned another stripe, bein' real today. I must be a zebra, or a cheetah, speeding to my prey, okay. When you come into my kingdom (Yeah, uh), I’m predator, you’re prey, okay, okay. . [Verse 1: JID]. Yeah. I woke up to a fat ass booty today. I’ll prolly roll a fat ass doobie today. Signed the boobie of a groupie today. Cartoon, Rocket Power on the beach, like a shoobee. Prolly cop a tool before I leave. For my moms, she's just enjoyin' the breeze. She read the Psalms, my songs ain’t ready to hit her ears yet. And if I ever disappoint her, yeah I fear that. So I'mma keep writin’ until my words ready for that angel to hear that. Oh Lo-, oh Lord speak to me, I need every sentence. Every word show me that I am walking and how you live it. I’m tryin', it's kinda different. I hope I don’t get it wrong. But the missions never impossible. When the J in J-I-D’s for James Bond. From the heavens, stretch them long arms. I say I promise I won’t stray. He replies, “Why the tie?”. On the tip, [?]. I got your whole family. And your bruhs like Joe Batman and Jerry Shamlee. And my niggas be hurtin', we go back like the four Horsemen. And I’ve always been the shortest. But cooler than a polar bear’s toes or some eskimo’s fortress. Never forget the past, but the futures on the rise like a forklift. Then I’ll prolly stop smokin’ and get up off this porch, shit. You know they make it hard to get healthy. If you ain’t ballin', can’t support shit. And that shit's unfortunate. They kill off the poor and the minorities. They tryna get us put in the morgue. [Verse 2: Jordxn Bryant]. Oh shit. Then done let a nigga in. They finally see the light like Mr. Benjamin. Get high praise like my light-skinned woman friends. I mix this Henn' up with the juice, I hope she let me hit again. Look, I know you go to church, but tell me when you tryna sin. Give into your temptations, quick, the sun's risin'. My cup run is over, I am capsizin'. Hey, we can meet when it's over, then I reconvene with my soldiers. And plot to infiltrate the culture, our weapons is out the holster. So you laugh and click clack, sit back, and watch what happen. It's either divine intervention, hieroglyphs or mathematics. But you can't say we ain't warned you bastards. You see the signs, there's niggas out throwin' their lives away. What happened to our women now, they either bi or gay. How we expect to go farther when bein' brought up with no father. Play a part in that flip-flop phase. Ain't no nigga tryna raise a daughter. Well shit, I'm tryna raise mine, that's why I take time. To cultivate these lines and say what's on my mind. Seek until I find, grind until I shine. Like the gold they traded bodies for, but couldn't buy their soul. So that was passed down to me. And when they talkin' bills now, I turn down two mill'. And I demand three, I guess I'm demanding. Go to the wind, don't blow in my wings, straight up. You might also like[Verse 3: Johnny Venus and Hollywood JB]. Yo, I'm in Wisconsin again, binge drinkin'. Call the search off, I think I found my bag of weed. And I'm thinkin' of buyin' this trailer home, for the weekend. Stash in it with art supplies, paintin' the insides, whatever. And the outside's clearly where you fuckin' sleepin'. Told you nearly yearly that shit gon' take, takin' the shit with the favor under my piss. And it's great, it's really great. I think I can see the, wait. You see that siren with that bubble butt. K-pack, a double dutch. Lay, as I bust her guts. Late, Trump divin' in designer. Sport line, and I don't even know. I'm ATVin', gettin' mud in the crud of my toes in somebody clothes. Swamped out the SWAT team, city's on pigs, neos and nots. Hopped out the tomb, ugly as 65 and Watts. We the is, y'all niggas not. We the biz, y'all niggas sittin' on empty lots. Stack the straw with my stocks. And I'm stoned, like a road lot. Leavin' home with the phone and the Navajo. Takin' peyote shots to the dome on the lake. Game fresh, hope they let me on with my lumber long. Y'all, I know it is, we so hospitable, hit your Twitter bone. Please don't let me lose command, I just slept on these bare floors. Singin' simple songs, back in hippo rumps. I'm just tryna the best fuckin' me I can be in the long. Grown with the integers, to all bitches in size. From long distance, lock eyes at the show. And after that they all kisses, then my dick. Long and I'm comin' every strong menace. And I'm home when I'm finished, look. And they still play my shit like it's a day old. I hope they all think that we made it, low. I still be thinkin' 'bout flyin' and thinkin' of things like dyin'. And wakin' up in the middle of somewhere, back at it. Back workin', fuckin' shit up, memories of honeysuckles. Every time I think about your girl, my dick turn to a fountain (Ayy). Gain the footing, Barney Rubble, man y'all know y'all in trouble (Ayy). [Verse 4: Hollywood JB and Doctur Dot]. Yeah. Where do we come from?. Drum patterns got me feelin' my roots, undone. Shallow graves make it easy to return from. Mankind, same mistakes we tend to learn from. If this for you, then what's for me?. It isn't true, the victim's me. That you can see, but you can bet your last sin that Hell is deep. Had a falling out. Loneliness, focused on the creek. Every other week, pockets on leak, woe is me. Iris on bleed, it hurts to see pain, then hit the dark. I park a Rolls on Royce on petty lane, I copped it from scar. If I don't give him up for killin' his broad. Lyin' ass niggas fuckin' it up. We the metal where the socket is, we poppin' or what. Zeus be Coppin' from us, Mount Olympus is for peasants, not us. No, no feathers for us. Maybe for our father, guardians. To the day we headed to the heavens from LaGuardia. Spillage Village to the fuckin' cloggage in my arteries. Farther than a father's father be. I'm well out, like those college classes last semester. Shit, I fell out, I ain't finished, but out. So what I figured I'm 'bout. I'm 'bout my family, my niggas in doubt. I think about failure often. Hit a stage in Austin, break a leg before we tour to Boston. Fallin' victimless to caution (Uh-huh). I take a peek inside my coffin. . [Verse 5: Doctur Dot]. Sittin' on my bed, 2:13 A.M. Scared to go to sleep, too many gruesome three A.M.'s. Angel at my window, tap, tap, tap, I let her in. And when I die, she come to live, and the juices start to blend. Heart eyes, emoji, the smart guy speaks slowly. And a car ride, with an arsonist, 'cause dark knight's my homie. Inside your head's just the humor of the lonely. Chew on shroms and just let loose, but don't let Lucifer control me. Hope me no confuse you, hope me no eludes you. The tyrant's tower crumbles in the presence of a loose screw. And that just goes to show, you better watch who you let rule you. No one should have more influence on your life than you do. Loopy ass nigga, I'm boo boo, coo coo. And a coup d'état with a group of Zulus, who like to keep the tool handy. And we staying' on your tongue like blue candy. And is it just me, or is the industry a little Ku Klux Klanny. You do drugs like too much, that's prolly true. At work, starin' at the wall for like an hour too. Been a heavy day dreamer, since a child in school. My pop's would get up in my face, like, "Boy, what's wrong with you?". Misunderstood genius, it's such a cliché understatement. But I say it so that I help y'all kids relate. And truthfully, without Venus, I wouldn't be here today. Was in a real dark place back in the Spring of 2008. But I stayed for the return of the thinkin' black man. Drinkin' Jack Dan, my city ain't said shit since the age of the snap dance. And I ain't bitter 'bout it, I just been about puttin' somethin' a little different out. Spillage Village, how 'bout it?. Tighter than kangaroo pouches, down to those dangerous objects. This song recorded on the day Mandela died. And how you celebrate his life?. Put one in the air, let your brain get hella fried. The revolution won't be televised2Embed