Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. . [Verse 1]. Fuck the police, that's how I feel. Buy a Glock, break down the block. That's how I feel (That's how I feel). Murder after murder after all these years. Buy a strap, bust back after all these tears. Mommas cryin', how they gon' heal? (How they gon'?). How you would feel?. Fuck silence, speak up bitch, this shit ill. (Big-big) Big stick on me, y'all kill, we kill. Been tired, fuck cardboard signs, we in the field. It's the Ku Klux cops, they on a mission. It's the Ku Klux cops, got hidden agendas. It's the truth, I won't stop. Open cases, police already hate me, why not. Make your rich-ass city look like trash (Look like trash). To whoever make the rules, we need answers fast. Oh they mad, fuck it, let's make 'em mad (Let's make 'em mad). Without that badge, you's a bitch and a half. [Chorus]. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. . [Verse 2]. Protect and serve mean duck and swerve. Police pulled me over, I don't stop, I'm scared (Scared). Fuck 12, bitch, I got the nerves. Fuck 12, bitch, they get on my nerves (Fuck 12). Ayy, fuck pig, fuck bacon (Bacon). I don't eat pork, I replaced it (Fuck, fuck). Fuck you and your slave ship. We supposed to be free like the Masons. I'm tired of being tired of being tired. I'm tired of being shot at like a opp. Callin' all the foolies from the tribe. We on some fuck the police shit, it's the vibe. I hate when they handcuff me (Me). Actin' tough with a vest and a gun, he think he keen. I hate when they handcuff me. Actin' tough, callin' for backup, I think he weak. You might also like[Chorus]. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police, fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. Fuck the police (Fuck 'em), fuck the police. . [Outro]. The Ku Klux cops, they on a mission. It's the Ku Klux cops, got hidden agendas. It's the truth, I won't stop. It's the-it's the-it's the truth I won't stop. Protect and serve mean duck and swerve. Protect and serve mean duck and swerve. Fuck the police, that's how I feel. Fuck-fuck-fuck, fuck the police30Embed