:^. . [ThaEQsplanator]. Haha nice face nappy…oh shit wait wtf, is this that cypher thing again?. Aw fuk man, I’m not ready sc0ps wtf dude give me some time. 6 bars?? I can’t come up with 6 bars on the spot like that. Uhh, ravioli ravioli, giv me the formuoli?. FUCK, I TOLD YOU I WASNT READY – WHERE IS JOHN? I BLAME HIM. [da verze cuh: Khroam]. Dam, skurt. Free gucci, free gucci. Barrk bae, nigga shop on wednesdays. Faded off dat jack cuh. U alrdy kno. Faded w/ ma yung boulz doe hoe. Off da sizzurp lik im yung shit gat ma mind blown. Free gucci. [Verse number…umm… : MC idontevenknowwhatthefuckimdoing]. Shout out to Rap Genius, but I’m stupid. I don’t understand shit even if the artist’s annotation is included. Homie I smoke weed, 420 blaze it. Dealer calls for cash, I go Electronica and delay it. End of the world, well it could be worse. Just call the ambulance and tell them I need a head nurse. [Verse: TeamJimmy]. Love everyone, but wanna sex Caslon really bad. I know the basedgod and I know that’s a fact. Ooooooh, hit you with the beam. 40 hoes with me, imma tell you what it be. She let down her guard, she getting fucked in the car. Ritsu top 1, she a star, I’m the king of the bar. Free 2yan. . [Blunderful]. I get cheese call me mickey. But my penis ain't small not no minnie. Belly button not no innie. Get so much cheese i won't grow skinny. Make like elmo tickle me. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. You might also like[SwineLord]. Fuck bitches get money. I said Disregard females, acquire currency. In a Prius like skrrt skrrrt skrrt skrrt. Sketchers on my feet, peepee on my wrist. On my mom’s car is where I just pissed. No disrespect mama please don’t spank me. . [TDE4Eva]. Since I couldn’t write sixteen. I’ll shoot you with a submachine gun under my sleeve. Leave the vicinity before the cops come to the crime scene. My story will end up on a big movie screen. Im mean, so it better not be illegally streamed. Cause I need some CREAM before the sale on Steam. . [CarnifexS]. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. Ronda rousey don’t arouse me. [channelPINK]. Tech team looking out cause this verse gon make the site crash. Ur squad is trash. Are those ur bars or ur girls bars. Prolly ur bars cuz ur on RG and dont got a girl. It was prolly u that was pictured on the cover of Earl. Tell ScopeY to drop a bomb on em cuz its the end of the world. [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [SNAAP]. Got 5 gold chains in my gold rings. 5 gold rings on my gold thangs. 3 gold watches on my grill. Nigga u know thats real. Fucking some wit my gold dick thats real. Gold pussy stank whats tha deal. . [HiiFade]. I’ve been imprinting you from the beginning. You know its those two i’s winning. Like I see the end storm cloud. Micky Jenks found drowned loud. By Hii Future on Soundcloud. . [Bumpman]. The world is endin', but it don’t stop me from bitch bendin'. So take a lesson, buddha puffin' helpin' relievin' the stressin. Swimmin' in pussy-pools, nigga it’s a blessin'. Where you gettin' to, eatin' booty like it’s fucking baby food. Maybe fools need to quit acting like their ladies do. Sippin' on some Grimace juice, bitch pussy tasted like it’s overdue. . [Sgw1214]. You Minnie Mouse niggas minimistically minimal to me. Ya Goofy niggas starting to make me very cynical, you see. Comparing me to you is like comparing Jupiter to Pluto. Just waiting on this race to start so I can tell ya niggas Toodles. Any nigga named Donald Ima duck, ‘less his name is Glover strictly. Y'all all part of my clubhouse, but y'all ain’t fucking with Mickey. . [Master Strokes (Cordel)]. FROM EARTH TO MARS, MARS TO VENUS. COME GET ME HARD AND PLAY WITH MY PENIS. IM THE SHIT, THIS SHITS LEGIT. I HIT BEFORE I SPLIT THE BARS THAT I SPIT. THE FIRE KEEPS EM LIT IM AFTER THE PIT. THE PENIS HAS BEEN BIT DOESN’T MEAN THAT ILL QUIT. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [ThęKįdd $wanky]. I’m heinous like a genius. That raps with the boom bap. Leaving you in the trap FromdaTomb$. Like I did this shit in the womb. 2015’s nearly over, 2016’s almost here. So when it comes I’ll leave you in fear. When I get my logic popping and live for today, they’ll know my name until it fade away. . [KUZGUN]. Flex, start dropping bombs on this. Step away or you’ll breathe throughout your damn esophagus. Talk about son of rap, well I fathered this. You picked up rapping in your bitch-nigga starter kit. Stop being a tight ass, it’s not like Donger’s in this. My (Criminal Thoughts) are spinning. . [EyeKnowiiKnow]. Shut the fuck up and just cut to the chase like a short cut to the chase bank. Like what the fuck do you think? Your like the lower ranks. You come and go faster then the blink of eye while shooting blanks. This world is too motherfuckin' cold, you would think. I was at the tip of the iceberg in Iceland about to sink. Pushed completely to the brink, And I was all bundled up in big foots mink. . [Evil_Prodigy]. Inspired by the likes of Slim and Lamar. Its about time that I shine like a star. Got the best rhymes in RG, by far. JK they’re basic, like your bitch and your car. I can see the haters coming from afar. And its about time that I say “Fuck you all”. Are you ready RG fucks ? This is war. . [Simple]. What a time to be on a forum, let’s have a foursome. Fun fact i have a circumcision. I feel like my life has shorten, from visiting so often. I love the diversity of the community at Rap Genius. So, Let’s throw a party, who’s invited. No one, i’m going to sit at home and watch Television. . [Strayakunt]. I’m skippin' and flippin' and trippin' dippin' and flippin'. Chill out dude you should know I’m just kiddin'. If I rapped like that for real I’d probably be hanging out with Robin Williams. I ain’t gay but I’ll fuck a guy when I’m on some caps. Don’t fuck with me or you’ll end up like that pregnant bitch from Tron Cat. (Odd Future Wolf Gang, Tyler top 2 OAT. Shout out to BuffaloBoy. Strayakunt but I h8 aussie rap). . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Zade]. I got six clips, a big dick and a bottle of scotch. Savour the moment motherfucker, and swallow my shots. A carnivore that studied this art of war, hardcore. Emcee effigies by the centipede, bar swords. Like GZA, hit you with a bit of train of thought, all aboard. Human cryptex, use your six Tecs, don’t call them off!. . [KingSampy]. I guess my time has come to enter this contest. I attest this’ll be the best damn verse, it’s fucking blessed. But this shit ain’t that complex, so don’t be tryna stress. This ain’t all geometric so try not to get hexed. I’m seeing niggas tryna reach this level. Like they fouling, but I just can’t be checked. . [DUCKman12]. My fire bars for the RG cypher. Christmas Eve, Contraband, Contraband. Bitch i’m Reagan. Sike! Duckman Duckman Duckman i wish you good luck man. The reason i do this is cause you fuckin suck man. And also cause you’re an ugly ducklin. Just kidding i’m not a hater, matter of fact i ski at Loveland. . [Versuhtility]. As I, look at the end and wonder when is the beginning. Sounds of the trumpets and birds thats heard in the distance. But whats absurd is how one purpose’s can be curved in a minute. When the word of the church is disturbed by a one’s intentions. I ask you, whats more important the feel or gain from the pain. The walls got you stressed and life’s no longer a game. . [MC Numerical]. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [MisterStarz]. To all the critics R.I.P. Rest in pee. Cuz I pissed on your grave. You say if I just behave I could be a legend. Who are you to say. Only God can judge. You ain’t Jesus or even a reverend. . [Far-Nu]. Put on this soil to love. The turmoil is up/. Shattered souls, the consequence of recoil from trust/. Like a cold sandstorm in the hot desert/. Ill minds on the pedestal, wondering how it got better/. Penning down independantly while impeding my thoughts/. Breeding hatred in the moist air tonight till I’m lost/. . [Caslon]. Can't miss the way i hit it. Can't kiss the way i bit it. Barrk is my waifu. He stay that for laifu. If you got a problem with it. Tell it to my rifle. . [Rainbow Warrior]. Definitely slick this shit drops like bricks. Vehement mix that twists and strikes quick. Wanna lick? my tempered rhymes are delicious. Lyrically nutritious but also capriciously malicious. So don’t let me snap as I’ll attack with the broken cognac. Drunken monk you sure as hell don’t have an app to stop that. . [Gurses]. Second year running dissing Nappy. He’s a goddam fucking fanny. A fanny with a nappy, what that make?. Nappy. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [LordGio]. …. …. …. …. .. …. . (Cypher verse). (@NondescriptWhiteRapFan1). Did those count as 2 bars?. I really hope they didn’t. ‘cause if they did. A good verse this surely isn’t…. . [N A Y R B]. Protrificus totalus thats my wrist game. Incendio nigga, I spit those heat flames. Hermione know that wrist flick mean ya protego. Ay yo, we been mixing potions since day O. In basements NAYRB got that control flow like the switch statements. Statements switch like the flow that NAYRB got control in basements. . [DarricoUnderwood]. Aye yo. I murdered everything in 2015. Bad bicth gave me funnel, open stomach, ripped jeans. I be cuttin like eddy scissor hands when I show up. Make cheese like theu do in Switzerland, I'ma blow up. C4, deeper then the sea floor. I smoke too much weed I create my own detours. . [Killa Mar]. I kill them with these words, this something you never heard. This shit is never rehearsed, I’m sorry mom cause I cursed. Your BS won’t make me hurt, all I ever do is work. I stay going to church, cause I got to get that Word in my mind. I keep pushing, staying on my grind. People say I lost myself like Em, they never find, I’m Kobe in his prime but shit I ran out of time. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Verse xx: Open Mike Aguila]. I love Lorde, Lorde is bae. I listen to Lorde every single day. Pure Heroine is most certainly my shit. I highly reccomend you listen to it. The Love Club is pretty dope too. Who should be stanning Lorde? You!. . [Thomaharadja]. Balling like Taylor Swift, dad money, flow so sick. I come out of nowhere like I have no dick. Actually I’m from France, international editor. ISIS killed my brothers but I am the real predator. I make soft ass rhymes because a hard ass is a fake one. If this cypher’s a contest you know I already won. . [The Super Villain (The Deevil's Advocate)]. Careless carnage, callously crash a cop car into a convent. The Deevil’s in me, I’m still spilling sinister content. Huff some gas and pass out with a cup of blood from a virgin. Don’t bother being yourself, I’ll still hate every version. Stumbling out of surgery, drunken, blood stains on my scrubs. I’ve murdered and mutilated the rap game–now I need a tarp, some acid and a couple of bath tubs. . [Drew Harvie]. My styles generic, yours is authentic made. I don’t think that’s how it goes, I want some stupid lemonade. I can’t believe I messed up that bad. SOMEONE GET ME THE DAMN FIRST AID. . [MKGtheBoy]. Say you can't rap about the kitchen sink, i just did, stop trippin suck lemons. Screw with me split your Adam’s apple nuclear fission. Doing numbers on these beats, sorry, you were just pissin. When i wrote this my nose was runny, even under the weather i’m still shining. You pantomiming, end your show-no encore. Killed your beat/ cause i’m a mercenary, Mandalore. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Yung Tityfuk]. 420 blaze it fgt. IRL memes in this bitch we dabbing. Auschat I’m an honourary member. Got your m0m on my honourary member. Last year, this year, ain’t shit change. Number 2 mod in the fucking game. . [Nightcrawler97]. Don Juan with nothing but charms on. Week-long get-along with Nia Long. In a cheetah thong, bush like vietcong. Blowing strong in Hong Kong. Dong longer than Rico Strong. Peep the double entendre. . [Josh Ryan]. This instrumental has developed a massive leak. The criminal police poke holes in my lungs; I can't breathe. Sniff PCP, place a hit on me, laugh at that absurdity, proceed to die suddenly. Now patch up the flow as I follow this mighty feat. Which is featured currently as the future currency; naturally we’ve atrophied. But actually I achieved an ability to tell a story that was left incomplete. . [Inglorious J.M.B.]. Someone all up in my shite!. Crumb-bun, shtup a whallopin pirate!. Ho, fun trollop, gettin' fired!. I shun one gallop, ya pettin liars. Bunyan, call up tha jettin' Friars. I won son! Stall, sup, bed them sires!. . [DuppyStoleMyNameTheRealIsBack]. Pop a Xanny then get in her Fanny. Before we have sex I sniff her Panties. Gotta make sure it don’t smell like Seafood. I eat her Pussy like I see Food. I tell her to Eat my Butt too. Hut one, Hut two. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Sinistral]. Time to drop my verse for the cypher. Imma drop and disperse all these overhyped eyesores. Who try and rhyme but they worse than some sloppy drunk drivers. Climb to the top while they observe, I’m getting hotter nonstop while they just burn. Try an mime me, meanwhile behind the scene, I’m learning new things. When the time is right I’ll emerge to the scene sever your whole team and all imma have to say is here’s the return of the king. . [MC Fridge]. The Mayans timing proves God wasn’t confiding. 2012 passed and Soulja Boy is still rhyming. Weapons are still vying for the American Zion. Drugs remain quiet, plying their trade in hiding. The overriding take home from the year of 2015. Don’t stick a dick inside the political machine. . [MC Coolguysevensevensev]. It’s the end of the world so Imma ball during the apocalypse. My mixtape’s a classic but I’m never droppin' it. Because I’m not a co-operative operative matter of fact I’m the opposite. I’m talkin' it big, but you’ll always see me walkin' it, so. So, SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG yeah, this a battle rap. You MAD MAD MAD MAD MAD, you know this ain’t your average rap. . [Yung Savage a.k.a Yung Kingpin]. Find me running thru the trap with. Ketamine, Lysergic acid diethylamide, gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid. N-methyl-alpha-methylphenethylamine, Benzodiazepines, N,N-Dimethyltryptamine. 3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, 1-1-phenyl cyclohexylpiperidine, 3-methylmorphine. 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine, Methylisopropyllysergamide. −-trans-Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol, mitragynine hydroxyindolenine, benzoylmethylecgonine. . [fuckV1T0]. Shout out to my nigga Steve Jobs (Yeah). Livin that hipster life mane, now what i’m sayin?. Android, thats that shit I DON’T LIKE. Windows 10 thats that shit I DON’T Like. Can't squash a bug o my MacBook pro ingame lagg, fuck. Go buy that iPhone 6s, its soo innovative. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Anthony Villarreal]. Water washing over us, we wish we could pray to God. ‘Good Riddance’; He gifts us time, to try and find the cause. Of our suffering, surely it isn’t impudence. If it is, well, then, our ending is imminent. If only we knew the name of our necrosis, no. It’s hopeless to try and fight it, you can see that the hope closes. . [Big Plumber]. It’s no fuck I got correct technique. Cus ain’t no Buck gonna check my streak. They say my rhymes are sexy like Zaza Pachulia. If you searched that up, then haha I fooled ya. I’m so wise I give Kendrick’s grandma advice. Shit don’t change till you get up and flush the toilet, bye bye!. . [Barrk]. I’m Barrk and I got 100 thou iq. I took your girl cuz u was cute. All my chicks got dicks no lie. I bang Khroam all day then Caslon on the side. Shout out scopey he got pints of lean. And no I’m still not a meme. . [BAKEHOE]. 2015 everybody hits the whip. I don’t really care hit some hoes on my dick. 2015 everybody jumpman. Your hoe sends me hella nudes on instagram. 2015 everybody hits the dab. This year was turnt now fuck it what’s next. . [Kingsls]. Now, I’m usually homeboys with the same people I’m writing with. But this is RG, and those people should know what time it is. And that goes for DUCK, Le Love, Aguila and BUMP-IN-THE-WHIP. Adelesucks, PinkCookies, Mojo, ChefD, Jim. Discuss this fact, no one writes better ‘bout rap, y’all should give up. Saying I suck dick? Man, you have me and Donger mixed up. . [ChamKoopa]. Yo, for those who missèd me, I'mma cut the mystery:. What I did was read through the history of William Shakespeare. Returnin' on Christmas Eve, for I am giftèd, see. Now look, tis the sea-son to hit the streets like Santa’s reindeer. Fuck this bitch misery, you could call me Mister Yee. You can disagree, but it’s to me like we’re off to a great year. . [DBoy]. It’s the rookie of the year, who the fuck wanna test me?. The shit that you fear, cause this shit stay deadly. Got big cojones, Lance Armstrong ain’t gonna test I. I’m the damn God, coming down from the blessed sky. Back from my absence just to flirt with Diana. Bruce Lee’s back, now Enter The Dragon’s fiya!. . [Hook: Drug Dealer Bling]. You used to call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. Call me on my cell phone. Late night when you need my keys. And I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. I know when that prepaid bling. That can only mean one thing. . [Dino]. (John Cena Intro Music). Ayy wassup yung Dino in the cut, let's recap this 2015 shit. Before it's all "new year who dis?". New logo: SHIT, new layout: SHIT (ok dis hard). New users: definitively fucking SHIT (CACs). You new guys better remember: Chat shit get banged mate. I swing my sweaty nuts back and forth because it's relaxing. Aus Chat we in this bitch  –  damn son whered u find this. . [mc_ryn]. Boy I be calling every rapper out (bang, bang). My sweet 8 bars make you start to drink some Guinness Stout (gratatatata). Ha!, I got no fucking rhyme scheme. Yeah, corny as hopsin you can never rely on me (yEP). I am the lyrical genius, move over GZA (move bitch). One day I'll be producing mad tracks, the new RZA (you a trick). SZA, what an amazing voice (woo!). Some women soon may have no fucking choice (damn son). . [Outro: DJ Khaled]. The major   to a successful new year are bars, son. They don't want you to know that. Bless up. :~19Embed