My name John and I'm a city cop. And I'm just tired of these ni... let me not. They try to paint me as racist, but see, I'm really not. Call me pork, so I put 'em on they belly at every stop. And they scared? What a joke, how 'bout how I feel?. Check the crime rate, look at my eyes behind my shield. I'm scared, this is a job, this how I find my meals. So if they gon' lie and steal, I'ma make 'em lie from steel. And I think my life do matter more. I seen too many of these people kill without remorse. Used to be three fifths of a man, but I think half is more accurate. How they celebrate savageness in a patterned form. My family raised me not to trust 'em, fuck you, they ain't wrong. These other cops are my brothers, and they be wishing us harm. They told me that it's our culture to make sure that they suffer. And I can't break the bond, It's all I got, I'm faithful, dawg. Shit, I bleed blue like I'm a Giants fan. To question my way is to stop flow in my veins. So I ain't slowing a day, I'ma keep everyone safe. From these black bastards and that's word to my gang, gang, gang. [Chorus]. I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang (Gang). I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang. . [Verse 2]. My name's James and I'm in the Klan. My family been down for a four generation span. It's not about the hatred, man, it's love for our nation. The white place where we took savages and enslaved and tamed 'em. And these white threads as hereditary as this white skin. I ain't have a say, soon as I was of age, I was in. And if I have to, I'll resort to violence. 'Cause they tryna shine colors in a country made for white men. And we're poor too, boo-hoo. All of you lefties complain about your oppression and pain. While all of these Mexicans came and take all our jobs and our lanes. And I don't blame corporatist games 'cause I want the spoils and fame. I could have more too, that could be me one day. That's why I love Trump, 'cause see, he see my way. We gon' make America white again. 'Cause I don't wanna compete with people who work harder than me 'cause we all spited them. And if I considered that how we living is wrong. That would mean that I would have to concede. That the sale and beating of those bodies was uncalled for. That it was all the murder and rape that got us these Sundays at the golf course. That we as heinous as they try to make us out to be. Why would I even try?. There's nothing in it for me to not treat it as a lie. So far as I'm concerned, all the blacks, Jews, and the gays. And the Muslims and the Mexicans can leave or die. I do it all for the Klan, these are my brothers. They understand me, and we all understand each other. Don't tell me that our fathers and mothers should be ashamed. I'm riding out forever for my gang, gang, gang, gang, gang. You might also like[Chorus]. I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang (Gang). I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang. . [Verse 3]. My name Marcus and I'm in the feds. I been locked up for four years and six is left. I got ten for armed robbery, shit, and honestly. I ain't even wanna do it and it's hard not to get depressed. I'm dying here, was banging colors since a youngin. Was born into a gang 'cause of the block that I grew up in. I done seen many die, and a few folks kill. But when the world won't give you nothing, shit, you gon' steal. And my gang was all I knew, brothers amongst the madness. Drugs and death all around us and we was angry and callous. The gang shit was all we had, we made mistakes and were misled. But why my gang got me in jail, and yours got you home in bed?. Riddle me that, my skin black, it's simple as that. The hatred you both got for me is all written in fact. Of our institutions, you confused and feel like getting me back. For what? For living poor in conditions that's wack?. You claim that I strike fear in you, but what you feel is you. For me to live how you'd call clean'd be a miracle. The data's empirical, you hate it when my people march for me. But don't you too scream 'cause you feel they ain't hearing you?. Shit, your whole premise is false. But I won't waste no time tryna break your prejudice walls. Point is we all on some gang shit, loyal to what we's taught. Believe in what was passed down, our community's theme of thought. And I'm the only one in cuffs for it. If I get out a better man, I'm still fucked for it. You turn the TV on and look, you got Trump for it. The president is in your gang, bitch. And you still point at me to blame shit. I pray that when I get out, shit ain't all the same. But it's a cold world to be alone in when the whole place. That you grown in treat you like dogs in the rain. Shit, I might fuck around and call gang, gang, gang, gang. [Chorus]. I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang (Gang). I'm just riding for my. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. Gang, gang, gang, gang. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. America, whole lotta gang shit. Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang4Embed