Yo, ma' nigga. Sorry I had to rough you up like that but. You weren't playing nicely init (L.A. Beats). You know my team, you know what we represent. Shoulda played along nicely, init. . [Verse 1]. Let me tell you who I am. I'm gonna talk; you just gotta listen. Started off getting bullied in school, look. Most my life I've been a victim. Never had a girlfriend. Got low self-esteem but I wanna be the man. No, I don't like who I am. But when I'm older I'ma do what I can, but. Look at me now. Hop out and run a man down. 'Cause when I was younger, I never had a voice. Might be the reason I violate your boys, and. And I even go gym. Man it's different to when I was a kid. A real bad man, real talk—no bluffing. Tell girls what I do and they love it. I spent a couple months in training. Even had me doing ten toes on pavement. Making sure the ends was behaving. CSO vibes but I ain't complaining. But now I'm perfect with the aiming. And a driver, been in bare car chases. Might pull up when your bredrins are raving. Lock off the rave, nobody can say shit. If you knew how much food I confiscated, it would drive you crazy. I'll grab man if he's got cash on him. Or wrap man if he's got wraps on him. I see man driving mad. I pull man over like, "Wagwarn, fam?". Rude boy, I don't give a damn. Call back-up quick and just violate man. I don't slip, I got my vest on. Big baton and a taser are the weapons. I could fold a man right now, with an M16 or a shotgun. Bro, it can get long. Don't press buttons but the trigger might press one. Call the judge—my case, I can get gone. Take man's food, I don't care what it is, could be peng, flake or ten times stepped on. Niggas know me, I don't care what number your gang is. Think you're bad? We got bangers. Interrogate man, make man have manners. Put you in a cell for twenty-four hours. Like, what you gonna say, brudda?. Waste man's time 'cause I want to. Like fuck that, what you gonna say brudda?. Pussy-hole, do your research, the system's in my favour. Fuck you up right now. And I'm calm it won't make the news or the paper. Yeah, I got it patterned like that. No I shouldn't but, yeah, man, I'm bragging like that. I'll say, "You put your hands on me". I know you never, but I'll say it happened like that. Nothing, no, you can't tell me nothing. Bust case all the time like it's nothing. You know how much shit we did?. It was my team that got down Mark Duggan. [Verse 2]. Next day on the force, we back, again. Get searched, 'cause you're black again. Choke out Rashan Charles in East London, say it's an accident. And I'm this close to banning drill, and done that shit. Someone got stabbed at the Rated Awards. Mm, yeah, we love that shit. Yeah I know about grime, Link Up and all dat. Where you're so stupid; stab someone, go booth and record that. And then say you're on obbo. No, you're just so easy to follow. And I got a quota that I gotta reach. Get two more of you lot by tomorrow. And let me tell you suttin' to tell your brothers. It don't matter that you got a bally on now. There's videos before when your face ain't covered, you stupid pricks. You make me sick. Like, "Officer, I'm recording you". So? You think I give a shit?. Witnesses say they'll complain because they see me taking the piss. One: they never do. And two: if they do, I get a slap on the wrist. So, pussy-hole, let me tell you suttin'. I can violate you for fucking nothing. And get away with it, 'cause we're the judges. Stop saying, "Gang", we're the only gang in London, pussy. You might also like[Outro]. L.A. Beats. Cadet, Cadet!4Embed