Ayo, D Smoke. Man, why don't you represent the 'Wood one time, could you please?. . [Verse 1: D Smoke]. Supa Good Smi-doke. D-S-M-O-K-E, bitch, it's official. I got these other niggas in quite a dill of a pickle. 'Cause they bitch want me to pour champagne drip off the nipples. Get off, kick off the party, lift off and piss off the people. Who kiss up to the establishment, haven't you seen they ego?. Like me, no. I used to do this shit 'cause I loved it, busted for free though. I still do this shit for the love, but add another zero. A hero, in my city I'm Diddy mixed with Rico. Strong, I throw this dick at my lady like it's a free throw. Long time, me love you, designed by heat and struggle. With poem rhymes, I bubble, I grind these motherfuckers. They never seen nothin' like me. [Chorus: Snoop Dogg & D Smoke]. Where your roots run?. Smoke, he talkin' that shit, nigga, where you from? (Inglewood). We can do somethin'. Bro keep talkin' that shit, you just might move somethin'. Apply that pressure (Pressure), pressure, pressure, pressure. Apply that pressure, pressure, pressure, pressure. . [Verse 2: D Smoke]. Am I wrong for puttin' us on? You would if you could. In my zone, they leave me alone, I'm good in the 'Wood. Grey Poupon, it's in the cologne, my foot on your jug'. Throwin' stones, you never atone, now look at you. Supero mitos, rico. Jugando ese juego with the cheat code. Las salud es llave, vengo de grandes principios. Hidrando my body, wake up and throw back a Zico. Hop up in the morning, get a waffle at the Roscoes on Manchester. I ain't gotta head to Pico. Aunque soy sano no puedo decirlo de mis hermanos. Si andan tirados, turn you into chorizo, we go. Stupid, man, it's ludicrous (Ludicrous). Give my girl a kiss and start playin' all in her uterus, zero. People did it like me before, the world is new to this. Red City, nigga, plenty homies in the blue division. I did my homework and my rudiments. I made my dome work and stayed true to all my hooligans. Now I travel where I want regardless of the destination. And if you don't know your way, you just might need an invitation. You might also like[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & D Smoke]. Where your roots run?. Smoke, he talkin' that shit, nigga, where you from? (Inglewood). We can do somethin'. Bro keep talkin' that shit, you just might move somethin'. Apply that pressure (Pressure), pressure, pressure, pressure. Apply that pressure, pressure, pressure11Embed