Cuz I got a Glock, bang. Savage Summer (Savage gang). Solo. . Feel like I'm playing a game that ain't loading. Call me po man cuz I drank potion. If you see me laugh know we ain't joking. This is Wolf Gang bumping, nevermind. I'm a lil chill like O’Shea, flipping pills but its a snow day. I'm with the bull I'm like ole. Yeah you bout to turn this to a cold case. They won't know it's me, we gonna pop out like Polo G. Never watching what Solo sees I'm in some old Supreme and a Polo tee. High as heaven in the afternoon, solving mysteries like Shaggy's crew. Mistaken passion for attitude, so when things happen I'm Scrappy-Doo. You too turned down (yessir), don't mеss things when you have the chancе. Making mad money that's savage bands (S.O.B). Come correct buddy catch a backwards hand. They need the help (they do), that's cuz they know that we be going up. Smoking top shelf that I roll in blunts and when the clouds come in they gon' know it's us. Turnt on the news like what do I do, oh it’s a robbery I bet you won’t shoot. Fucked up the hood cause we want the loot, burn down the stores we want something new. Popping on cops cause they be the opps, chocking us out y’all do that a lot. Man I’m a march until this shit stop, ain’t scared of no cop cause I got a Glock, bang. . Turnt on the news like what do I do, oh it’s a robbery I bet you won’t shoot. Fucked up the hood cause we want the loot, burn down the stores we want something new. Popping on cops cause they be the opps, chocking us out y’all do that a lot. Man I’m a march until this shit stop, ain’t scared of no cop cause I got a Glock, bang (Swank G). . . All of my brothers and sisters we tired,we gonna lite the whole country on fire. We gonna stand till we fall we united, don’t give a fuck bout no curfew we out here. We went Trippie and started a riot, making a bunch of that noise while they quiet. Gotta watch out for them boys in that blue, we yelling twelve we don’t run we just shoot. They call it a robbery we just want the loot, the blacker the berry the sweeter the roots. Kneel on these pigs while I’m tying my boot. Oh you can’t breathe, how that shit feel on you (bitch). I just can’t wait for the tables to turn, policing the hoods, selling dope by the church. Cool with the judge, got a way with my words. Y’all create the slavery, now it’s our turn bitch. Fuck up the neighborhood gave us no choice. Indictment them cops won’t bring back George Floyd (it won't). Yeah (facts). Living in fear feel like I’m next, I can’t go out with a foot on my neck. Cracker just kill us and then cash they checks. Give a fuck bout no badge, I'm still gonna flex (fucking pigs). You might also likeTurnt on the news like what do I do, oh it’s a robbery I bet you won’t shoot. Fucked up the hood cause we want the loot, burn down the stores we want something new (S.O.B). Popping on cops cause they be the opps (get em), chocking us out y’all do that a lot. Man I’m a march until this shit stop, ain’t scared of no cop cause I got a Glock, bang. . Turnt on the news like what do I do, oh it’s a robbery I bet you won’t shoot. Fucked up the hood cause we want the loot, burn down the stores we want something new. Popping on cops cause they be the opps, chocking us out y’all do that a lot (facts). Man I’m a march until this shit stop, ain’t scared of no cop cause I got a Glock, bang (Genetti). . Moving so fast with nowhere to go, surrounded by cash got money to blow. Unlimited hash, unlimited blow, will my body last only one way to know (talk). All I care about now is getting these hoes, gaining this bread but I'm losing my soul. Shoot for the stars while I'm digging a hole, watching my life spiral out of control. . Moving so fast with nowhere to go, surrounded by cash got money to blow. Unlimited hash unlimited blow, will my body last only one way to know. All I care about now is getting these hoes, gaining this bread but I'm losing my soul. Shoot for the stars while I'm digging a hole, watching my life spiral out of control (bang). . S.O.B the team. R.I.P George Floyd. R.I.P Breonna Taylor (yeah). Savage Summer, Black Lives Matter. Savage FamilyEmbed