I seen you on them blogs cousin, doin' them soft crunches. What you thought youngin'?. This was Rock IV and you that tall Russian, Dolph Lundgren?. You know where I was at when you was shootin' that stupid ass blog? London. I have his mom cuttin' raw onions, calling me small as somethin' long cut him. And turn Paul Bunyan to a small munchkin, it's nothin' he saw comin'. You're past your prime. Did you forget about your last few battles? Fine. MIB memory swipe flash past your eyes. I'ma milk this match up you gettin' flash pasteurized. Caskets fly you call me under average size, faggot. That is why you're blacker than them bags you find underneath Dizaster's eyes. Tryin' me is feudal. If he think we beefin', you wanna fire heaters, do you?. I will eat your food, a side of me is cuckoo. Play with me closer than the space between your people Brian Peeples pupils. Dawg, you softer than chai tea. Crossin' customs let's you know how fake Arsonal might be. Either his record's never been charged or wiped clean. Which means you're not a gangster, cooperated or...Wale let you borrow his ID. You know how I know you're a weirdo? It shows in your past. Your "I hate midgets" slogan is trash. And that's why every little person from here to the east coast toasted a glass. When Rex roasted that ass. I mean, I'm surprised you didn't call your lawyer. Cause watchin' back when Tech 9's short ass put that murk on ya. I bet Verne Troyer was somewhere lightin' herb for ya. The SONS crew lit a blunt too. But watchin' Rex rip you in your own city son, that was a cherished moment. Even Conceited poured out liquor from his sippy cup in memory of Gary Coleman. And don't try to tower over me and think you in a dominant position. Like you did against Con' when you was spittin'. Cause that shit's hella gay. That just means if he was taller y'all would've been kissin'. See, he usually try to bully the smaller cat and that ain't cool wit me. So it's time somebody spoke out on behalf of the community. We've had enough. What about our height makes you mad as fuck?. Is it cause we can cop some clothes for half as much?. Eat out model hoes standin' up?. Dawg, there ain't a height limit for doin' me. Kinda like how your wife isn't the cutest breeze. But I'll still dive in it like Scuba Steve. I hit it for five minutes, when I'm finished I do my thing. Leave her a drive-by victim, get it? Cause I whip it, then shoot and leave. You can call me what you want, I guarantee they'll always love me. I'm gettin' Danny DeVito paper and out here in L.A. It's Always Sunny. Speakin' of Danny DeVito, the fuckin' thing that's funny. Is I took a Taxi to this Heist, like, "Fuck it, keep it running.". My business in L.A. is Confidential cause I'm leavin' with Other People's Money. And if you didn't get the reference, huh, it's cause his slogan doesn't fit his record. It's all a misdirection. I can give you a history lesson on how he's a little jealous. No, not as an amount, as in people, he's "little jealous". Between Tech, Conceited, Rex and me, the shit's pathetic. This is your intervention, it's time you went and said it. Admit it Durrell, you're 24 and have a motherfuckin' midget fetish. Time!. [Round 1: Arsonal]. One word: Grizzlemania. First time I ever seen a nigga die twice in the same night. I seen Con' kick yo' ass then Hollow stomp you with the same Nike's. What your fan's expect from you? We can look and see that you can't fight. You just a freckled face cracker tryin' to convince people you ain't white. Hollow left you hollow, you caught a bullet from a lame Don. The Saurus ain't write your rhymes that night I guess that's why they ain't rhyme. The witness seen two midgets fighting until one died so they blamed Con'. That's double jeopardy. Meaning Hollow couldn't go to jail for that murder or tired again for that same crime. I bang mine, claim mine, throw up my gang sign. I beat you with the gun and bust you both at the same time. Partna, I've been a Rasta before the dreads had hangtime. Remember that pistol whip that hand attached well I'ma smack 'Mac with the same nine. You play cop, you get Charlie Clip/Tay Roc'd. I say Aak, you faker than that tooth DNA got. If this was Oakland I would've killed Greg, David Hasselhoff, Carmen Electra, Pamela and her son (Anderson) and made the whole Bay watch (Baywatch). Ski mask over my dreads give him a face shot. Razor blade draw on his chest, sketch him a tank top. He run to the interrogation room and try to name drop. I'll beat you til your blood evaporate into a raindrop. Look into the eyes of that barrel you see that shit you facin'?. If I let that shit hit you it's gon leave all of yo' tissues achin'. My goons will come abduct you out yo' sleep, I could get you taken. Even that iPhone bitch Siri couldn't direct you out that situation. I stay flag, cop a gray Mag', I let a burner shoot. He like a gray mag, well that's chrome, you never heard of duke?. You talk while I'm rappin' I'ma murder you, fuck a gray mag. I'll pull out that Ray Swag and make him do the same thing to you that he did to Murda Mook. Now do we have a problem? I ain't think so. Left eye in that scope and my sniper rifle don't blink slow. Precision with the vision, my mission is to send three slow. But he G5 when it's beef meaning [?] he Tim Tebow. You play the night shift you get pulled over by them black cops. They gon' place the drugs on you and swear that you had them crack rocks. It'll be a night you won't forget 'Mac that stop on that back block. Since you up zombie hours they gon' treat you like it's Black Ops. You gon' need a Predator Missile in the air faggot. [?] chill the Delta Squad and a care package. Cause when you see the shit I'm spittin', you gon' think you on Scare Tactics. And when it hit you instead of "Wooo!" you sayin', "Ooow" that's the Ric Flair backwards. I flare 'matics 'til there's blood all over their jackets. Police arrive to find three midgets dead on a air matress. You, Con' and Rex, I killed you, Con' and Rex. At this point in the battle y'all should already know what two lines is next. I ain't gon' stop until my account hold eight digits. You a small thing to a giant and I motherfuckin' hate midgets. Now, I'ma give y'all somethin' to reminisce about. When God made him, The Saurus, Pat Stay, Hollohan, Hitman and Aye Verb that's when He really brought the bitches out. Cause real niggas that's real niggas might scrap to settle they difference out. But real niggas don't stand face to face for a crowd to put each other's business out. You'll never O-Red battle Surf or Surf battle Suge or see Suge battle me, cause we don't do that in the hood. If we got problems we can squash 'em by quickly shootin' the three. Y'all lack loyalty and R.E.S.P.E.C.T. If it wasn't for The Saurus spillin' the beans I would've never knew that he wrote your raps. If it wasn't for Hollohan bein' a fiend I prolly would've did worse with Pat. Cause I swear on my dead dog them niggas must've been smokin' crack. Hollohan called me on speaker and told Pat Stay to rehearse his raps. So everything that man spit to me I heard in advance. I'm disturbed by your camps and Hitman thought Verb was his man. If it wasn't for Verb I would've never knew Hollohan baby mother be jerkin' him off. If it wasn't for Hitman I would've never knew Aye Verb really worked in the mall. See where I'm from, cops get shot it's no purpose for y'all. But we do abide by hood rules and all six of y'all faggots have broken the law. Y'all niggas quick to let y'all mouth run. We don't do that in the south son. Cause protective custody or the graveyard is the outcome. I see your name is Illmac' but you know nothin' 'bout one. I got an iller MAC-90 I wanna see if you can outrun. You doofy and wouldn't shoot me if I was a basketball. I'll show up to your funeral gravesite just to see the casket fall. After all y'all got me battlin' a wanna-be Asher Roth. After this battle, don't worry I'm a resurrect into Canibus just to finish Dizaster off. Time. You might also like[Round 2: Illmaculate]. I'll reverse this motherfucker's birthday. The whole part of your round...if it was Loyalty Over Money our battle wouldn't have been delayed in the fuckin' first place. . [Arsonal]. That was cool. . [Illmaculate]. No it wasn't, shut the fuck up. This is my round, why are you speakin' in it?. This is the hottest verse of the battle and you just wanna be featured in it. I wish I could tell you this a thousand times, fuck your feelings. I'll pull out your spinal. Watch your blood boil with formaldehyde in a rusted skillet. Now your life's in a downward spiral like a double helix. Look, I'll life your soul, put you in a hole, let the shovel dig it. Listen hoe, I really hope that clip is holdin' double digits. Cause everything you rap, got strings attached like the Muppet's Christmas. You sing and dance up on Twitter with your fuckin' bitch like, "hugs and kisses". And everyone that witnesses is fuckin' disgusted with it. Real shit, let me reiterate this. Picture him and his bitch exchangin' kissy faces on each other Twitter pages. Cute, this little Grape's a fruit. Which y'all critics say is intimidatin', but to me is just a dinner plate of food. Welcome to the west coast where Okwerdz obliterated you. Disrespected everybody in your state, spit in your face and you didn't make a move. Funny how the biggest fake in the room is the first to instigate a fued. But fuckin' with me? You lit a flamin' fuse with incinerator fuel. I give your brain a visual and illustrate for you. Different angles til every angle fired at me...ricochets and splits that lil' picture frame in two. Dawg, I'll ventilate his roof cause his image ain't the truth. You center stage in a fit of rage like you'll lift it, aim, and shoot. And that's entertainin' too. But it's a shame you couldn't stand the site of your own reflection in that nickle plated tomb. Tell the truth, prison ain't for you. You ain't a killer, consider the levels you really willin' to take it to. That ain't you. You're really a gracious dude, an honest adult, responsible for a lot of children's way to school. And that's cool. I know it isn't breakin' news, but I'm confused. He ain't a beast he's a BZ tryin' to play the role. True or false? Talkin' greasy about URL got you punked by Beasley on the radio. Youtube it y'all. See, he wanted a confrontation like they would bow down to him. End of the conversation you was givin' shout outs to him. I don't know why he won't shut it? He always poppin' at the mouth. But bet if he saw Joe Budden tonight he'd be quiet as a Mouse. Aye, but he be on that Crip shit; yeah. Til he see Trick Trick; nah. Then all that bang bang came click click. Empty fifth clip made him shit Bricks; tisk tisk. Provoking street action only exposed your weak backing like a slipped disc. That's some bitch shit. What happened against Calicoe? You didn't have your gangster prepared?. You sure as hell wasn't bangin', throwin' up what you claim in the air. You were pacing, covering your face with your hair. No matter what you was sayin' on the stage when you're there the translation from your body language was sayin' you're scared. That's when we caught a glimpse of what his fake ass like. Cause if that was me I would've...talked my way out of it to, ain't that right?. But see, I don't have to, I'm comfortable where I lay at night. Cause at the end of the day I keep it real and I don't claim that life. Every battle he take the same route. All that false flagging while you rap and shit is played out. Durrell is as fake as a nail break, I'll slap him and leave him face down. Cause even if his words held weight...that glass jaw would shatter before they came out. Time!. [Round 2: Arsonal]. That shit was corny. Stop actin' like you the one that made Portland great. Oregon is an enormous state but I'll treat that gorgeous place like Dirk did last year first round of the playoffs and shoot in Portland's face. Niggas click that Youtube link to see me rock. Talkin' 'bout guns drawn, heat cocked. Point it at your temple as I'm fingerin' that G spot. You ain't never been in no jail cell, sober mind detox. And the only way to make music is use your chest as a beatbox. Cause you a pig and I be cuttin' ham (Cunningham) like Randall. I'll fuck you up all kicks while rockin' Passion Of Christ sandals. What if I grip a gauge, my bullets ricochet they hit your fade now your life's cancelled. But then I grip the blade, my palm will stab each bullet wound with the knife handle. See I'm an instigator. I'll plug your uncle breathing tubes into a generator before I pull the plug on his defibulator. Then tell your little sister I'ma get you later. Play surgeon and have her large intestine sittin' in the back of yo' refrigerator. You strange, and your lyrical content is on 2 Chainz. Real Sandpeople live under the dirt like Hussein. You lame cause you been battlin' ten years but you still a new name. You couldn't kick it with me if you stole the sneakers and the shoe strings off of Liu Kang. And if you disrespect my set you get yo' ass beat by two gangs. Right now I'm in the mood to hook this nigga, that's a mood swing (Moodswangz). Brass knuckles on the right, on the left five mood rings. We Grape Street oow oww gang, nigga that's how I do thangs. Bitches love me cause I'm a tall dark nigga. And I get 'round $5,000 to battle that's a ballpark figure. Illmac', what'll you do after that sawed off hit ya?. Every bone in yo' body gotta get sawed off witcha. Ooh, Loyalty Over Money, fuck it, money was the motive and my object is "just get it". For that I'll shove you in the oven like that Project X midget. Your new bitch seen my dick said, "I'ma try my best wit' it". She couldn't fit it down her throat so your wide neck ex did it. Now pay attention, since you mentioned it. Right now, is when shit hits the fan. I will dismiss ya fans, I will big dick ya gram'. Think you Trick Trick, I'ma whip quick, click click then blam. And as I put the pistol to ya head I'll Twit pic; Instagram. I can't wait til ya daddy dies so I can say that I'm happy ya father left. I ain't get convicted for the murder but shit I'm the one who caused his death. I was just waitin' til they embalmed him and laid his body in that coffin fresh. To walk down the aisle and kick his motherfuckin' casket down the alter steps. Cause that nigga was a punk meanin' yo' son gon' be a sissy. Say somethin' and watch that barrel start smokin' like a hippy. Red dot on your Adam's Apple get mistaken for a hicky. I'll stomp him with construction til he all the way under my Timberland's (Timbaland) like Missy. I drink lean outta sippy's, chew spleens and kidneys. No jeans just dickies, flagged up with that blicky. Catch 'Mac on that back block like Blood caught Ricky. Load the clip until it's full then I'ma squeeze it til it's empty. Now, this a mismatch, this ain't black against white. This 6'1" against against one who is lackin' in height. This dope dealer versus broke nigga. Big wheel against fo' wheeler. Panda against gorilla. Mid 20's against old nigga. You the battle rap ghost figure. Con' and Hollow already killed you, you ain't even here. This ya hologram, you like 2Pac at Coachilla. Or, how you say it? Coachilla? Coachella. Okay, Coachilla/Coachella, bitch you should've known better. I'm the wrong artist to come to for world peace and you knew that before I met ya. Hold up, y'all ain't get that, listen to how I put it together. I said, Coachilla or Coachella, ya bitch should've known better. I'm the wrong (Ron) Artess to come to World Peace but you knew that before I Metta. Now y'all see how easy it was for me to put that shit together?. You a push over who get looked over, a Foot Solider workin' for the Shredder. Now we all know Peter Piper picked a pack of pickled peppers, right?. But in yo' case your boy Peter piped ya purposely and bust ya pressure pipes. Now how I'm suppose to paint that picture, that's a perfect pressure, right?. Time nigga!. . [Round 3: Illmaculate]. What's funny, is I'll smack this bitch. Say my name's Illmaculate, Metta World Peace? Then give him the elbow and act like it's on accident. . [Arsonal]. That was ass. . [Illmaculate]. That was ass? But you still ain't in my battle class. I'll smack his ass. Look, aye, every battle of yours gets a million views, right. Yeah? Yeah? Give me mine back. I would be impressed but two bitches shittin' on each other in a cup got like 50 times that. So while this dude is braggin' 'bout all them views he bringin'. Keep in mind, four times as many people are viewing Jaylen goin' super Saiyan. I could give a fuck if every battle of yours goes viral. That just means you got a million stupid motherfuckers to cosign you. Aye, I'ma be really honest. I ain't buyin' all this shit he talkin'...shut the fuck up. I ain't buyin' all this shit he talkin' because, aye, when that beef is really poppin'. It's like Em' and Dre was him in a conflict the way he gets a Guilty Conscious. Like, meet Durrell, who after a URL battle event. Walks in on a rival battle MC having sex with his broad. Hold up stop, before you walk in the door of the second floor. Hotel room and see Rex fuckin' ya whore you better think of the consequence. Who are you?. I'm your motherfuckin' lack of confidence. That's non-sense, go in gaffle the midget and run to one of your homie's crib. But what if he ain't fuckin' her?. C'mon you know he is. Just think about it before you walk in that door first. But picture that short Smurf liftin' ya whore's skirt. Bitch, you are sweeter than a fresh fruit stand. And back when Canibus was asking "Can I Bus"?. You know what his response was?. Errr, shhht, "Yes you can!". I still use his own momentum against him. There's no better position to use his own momentum against him. Aye, aye, he's aggressive and loud. But I got my head in the clouds. You can't get to me now. You pretend to be a predator let him have it, have a hot headed again and I turn that temperature down. Aye, aye, he's aggressive and loud. But I got my head in the clouds. You can't get to me now. You pretend to be a predator let him have it, have a hot headed again and I turn that temperature down. Aye, shut the fuck this is my round why are you speakin' in it?. You're just mad cause this the hottest verse of the battle and he just wants to be featured in it. It's cool, it's cool. . [Arsonal]. You got your raps?. . [Illmaculate]. I didn't forget my raps, shut the fuck before I twist ya cap. Aye, aye, it's cool. . [Arsonal]. Aye go 'head, aye man go 'head. . [Illmaculate]. Nah, nah, nah, nah look. Nah, we ain't finished cause you know it doesn't matter. When I come with that PX3. And you know that PSG got that straight silent sound when I end inside a round. It doesn't matter cause you know I still spit it real. And this is the motherfuckin' real Durrell. Shake as hell when I still give ya boys bend. Shout out to all my motherfuckers Organik and Poison Pen. Let's go. . [Round 3: Arsonal]. You're right, I did go to Detroit and a nigga named Trick Trick did say I said I ain't know Suge. But on the set that wasn't the case Illmac' and I put that on my whole hood. I had Blood niggas with me, I had Crip niggas with me. Make a long story short, there wasn't no bitch niggas wit me. Niggas ran up to the stage while I'm rappin' and that's corny. And I still managed to leave Detroit without a scratch on me. Now this where my disrespectful shit needs to stop. They ain't know you was adopted and you still anxious to meet ya pops. So I went on ancestors.com found 'em, told him I'd fly him out here so he can watch. Just so I could do you like a the Grape Street handshake, pop, pop, pop. Give you three up top. I'll run in ya foster home, kidnap ya foster parents. Shoot ya fake father in face, beat the shit out ya daughter parent. Try to convict me for the crime, I ain't gon' show up to the court appearance. Cause I just killed this nigga in his hood for no reason. Now his folks can relate to Trayvon Martin parents. When I run up on you nigga don't flex. I'ma cut you at the waist, peel ya skin over ya head, tie it in a knot and make you suffocate in ya own flesh. Show up to ya funeral, hug ya moms and tell her don't stress. And while she cryin' on my shoulder I'ma reach in her purse and steal her iPhone S. You stupid, and I'll explain ya stupidity in a breakdown. You the only battle rapper to come to a gun fight with a knife on a playground. You the only battle rapper with orange facial hair and say now. Battlin' Arsonal is committing suicide, Junior Seau. I'm self made with a flawless unique rhyme scheme. My shooter hit his target more than Dirk against Lebron team. Ya biggest chopper still don't compare to what I've seen. 100 shot extended clip, the laser is lime green. You hit the stand and try to testify?. Soon as I hear some shit slurred, sniper pull the trigger, you ain't gon' make it past the fifth word. That Desert Eagle real chunky, whoop, with no relations to Big Bird. A shoulder shot to paralyze or I'm damagin' 36 nerds. Ya clock tickin' when it's beef my block pickin'. I got the long nose Glock and it's competing with Scott Pippen. And when that long nose pop I just say it's the snot drippin'. Everything red on the scene but the beam, the dot different. Hold up...look at him, then back to me. Now you once said "Bring an Old Spice to any ad you seen. And I'll bring out the Ax cause I'm a Brute when I'm Armed & Hammered if we take it to that Degree". Since you deodorizing niggas, I see you care about your hygiene. But you dirty nigga, I'm clean. Y'all pay attention to this rhyme scheme. If I have to Dial, my bitch Ivory, oh Ivory that's my Irish thing. But if I have to Dial my bitch Ivory, he interrupt her first day of her Irish Spring. You gon' need a Safe Guard for protection whenever she let that iron ring. Her record Zest'fully clean and she's a diva who's wildin'. If I really want off with yo' head all I do is leave her (Lever) $2000. They always askin', "If you Crip why you hang out with this Blood guy?". That's my brother and he the shooter. After this battle I bet you see Dove's fly. Y'all thought I was gonna come to L.A. with a whole lot of jokes. Well I sure (Shore) just washed this dirty nigga up with a whole lot of soap. You look like the type to sniff a whole lot of coke. You could pass for a spic who stuck to America on a whole lot of boats. I bet you got a Jewish grandma who sucked a load out the Pope. I'll Shao Khan him, reach in his mouth and snatch his soul out his throat. Now being president of Grind Time North West division, really had his head swollen. First round draft pick e'rybody think that Greg's golden. But Greg never performed nor has Greg shown 'em. That he belongs in Oregon so Portland is wavin' his wavin' his contract he Greg Oden. I box and you 'bout to be simply assaulted. You couldn't beat me with Ray J's one wish, Aladdin's genie and his carpet. Your bitch wanted to meet me that's awkward. She's like, "Hi, I'm Illmac's girl." I said, "Bitch, I'll melt in ya mouth and not in your hands. I'm chocolate.". At that time we started talkin'. We get to the apartment, stop walkin' she whispered in my ear she said, "This is what's important.". She said, "I love being assaulted and I love black [?] cocks. At this one time at band camp I stuck a flute into my thought box.". I said, "Damn bitch. Me, I'm from the school of the hard knocks. Where gun shots was alarm clocks." Gave that bitch a jaw shot and made her suck the medicine out my cough drop. She had a no gag reflex, when she deep throat she hold cock. I say she freestylin' when she come up for air cause she love to spit it off top. And you stuck your third leg in that groupie. Let off an egg in that coochie. Then you had to Meet The Parents. Fucked up thing is even the Gaylord name was Greg in that movie. And if Organik ain't give me my money when I wanted it. I was gon' kill you and him, I'm Big Worm shootin' at Craig with that Uzi. Time!Embed