When nobody knew me at all. Fuck the teachers that booed me at school. Swear I'm gonna be proving you all, wrong. I don't need no GCSEs'. Always said that I would be an MC. I was  told I was stupid. Now I'm known for my music. Eyez is seen as elite. I believe I'll achieve. Fuck failing. Unleashing a beast, I'm not waiting. I ain't got patience. Imma speed to the scene while my EP drops like a leaf on the tree. WHAM out, 3rd of August. You get my drift I'm turning corners. Get your purchase ordered. If you don't get it, make sure that your girlfriend brought it. Tell your bredrin he can't miss this one. All new hooks and bars on this one. You can't miss this one. The bars are big don. This ones got all the hardest hits on. No labbin', go grab it, buy WHAM, fuck fedz, get shot dead in a riot van. Had me in the cells all night 'for my don said I weren't the right man. But they thought I was involved. 4 walls and a window, concrete floor and a shit hole. They had all of my info, course It's my skin tone and coz I talk with the lingo. Nick me, because I had a certain accent, tryna tell me they heard I'm slanging. Fucking bastards. Dropped the charges. Come back saying no further actions. So fuck feds let me move to a new subject. God Bless all my loved ones that dropped dead. Upset so I spit bars and bun Zest. When I touch sets nothing but blood shed. E-Y does it E-Z. And I've done a lot for these. So make sure that you've got the CD. Save the cash and cop the EP. Lets see who's true to Elijah. 3 pound each or 2 for a fiver. Its truthfully minor, music's my life blud. We go together like zoots and a lighter. Old friends say that the goons are behind ya. But we'll see who's true to Elijah. Don't piss me off and say you ain't got 3 pounds. All of your clothes and shoes are designer. Get off your ass and get 3 quid, WHAM, future and guest features. First you need to say 30p a day. You'll have your copy by next week-ish. Bang out WHAM out your wedge speakers. My fans wanna know where my SB is. Most spitfires are a hundred K so I'm on my way to try get me rich. Just for my mums sake. And my daughters. I don't wanna spend life slanging ballers. I'd rather make cash for my chorus, at the performance. Get a clap from the audience. That's what I'm made for, not a day job, that's what I'm made for. I never got grade As always had grey days like I was trapped in a rain storm. I'm back I'm in great form. I ain't fucking around, I'm doubling pounds. I don't wanna be stuck underground, I've got big dreams of coping a house its gotta be now. So support the cause, order yours I'm more mature. Wiser and older mind of a soldier some would of thought I fought a war. Coz I work like a slave but I'm a king. Still tryna grind for my new castle. What do you know about living in a hostel. Broke as fuck getting food parcels. [?] don't sleep in reception. Keep it inside don't speak to a bredrin. Sofas to sofas, hopeless and homeless. I didn't even get no peace when I'm resting. Sharing a room with a stranger. I swear it would humiliate ya. Yeah I got a name but where did the views ever take ya. Bare of these youts are in danger. Get rid of ya disguise, stop living in a lie, the things sitting on my mind have triggered a device. My father had a heart attack, I gotta thank god that hes living and alive I'm empty inside keep sending for Eyez. I've mentally died, you can't feel my feat, you're too far beneath, true charts believe me. My new bars are greezy, they're too hard for TV. Yo this has come from the cure explained by my tongue are my thoughts still bumping the law. No lie I'll cry and die inside if I ever see my mum in a morgue, I ain't young anymore. Turn to a man, burning the dank. Wrap the next ting, if there's no grinder when I'm blazing my bud then I'm breaking it up like a bad connection. Yo, coz I'm bruk and I'm thinner. Got no food can't cook me a dinner. Think to myself that I could be a winner but I don't see Eyez when I look in the mirror. I ain't me at the moment. . Broken down don't see no emotion I've choked I've drowned I'm deep in the ocean, I've been keeping it closed in, I need to speak in the openYou might also like2Embed