A modern Declaration of our global cry for peace. Amor vincit omnia, docendo discimus. . . . By: Cam Carter. The Pieces of Peace. July 04, 2015. . . . . . . Letter from the Author:. . 	Throughout my journey called life, I have come to deeply admire the great writers and creative thinkers of this world.  Their differences have relayed a common truth:  that we are capable of our own desires, direction, and destruction.. 	. 	I havе personally witnessed dеsperation strike, and it took everything just to be me.  Encouraging myself through struggles, finding who I was and who I wanted to be.  The truth is hard to imagine, but inside we are like animals, ravaging through excuses, diving towards despair, blinding ourselves as we watch madness breed madness, lingering alone in the midst of death, war, famine, and captivity.. . 	I will be the first to admit that I am not perfect.  I do not claim to be a chosen prophet of God, but I do have a gift that should be taken seriously.  Through my faith and the grace of God, I have been allowed knowledge, understanding, strength, and harmony.  I continue to learn, hoping to accumulate the wisdom to help mankind to open their minds to grasp a truth, subliminally buried beneath the flowers and the shadows of our dappled lies.. . 	Despite what I believe to be real or fantasy, we can all agree that we all have enemies.  In order to reach our growth potential as a human race, we must analyze our environment by coming together in peace so we can recognize the source of our good and evil.  Consider this my attempt to enlighten humanity by embracing our differences to make a difference.. . 	As you read this rhapsody, know that it comes from a resurgent vision that stems from the warmest place in my heart.  With our ever-changing world I humbly pray that this message is heard and spread to as many people as possible.  Our different belief systems, language barriers, and lifestyles all share a certain passion that makes each of us unique and beautiful.  Together we can make love and peace the beginning of forever.. . 	I am confident that the human race will understand this revelation even though it may initially seem enigmatic and tactical.  I wanted to challenge society by painting a picture that shows that we must save one another from what we have become.  We have to salvage our future by being more clairvoyant with our hearts.  We must establish a vibrant truce, teaching as we learn before it’s too late.  We have to rise above the blemishes of our vicarious sacrifices.. . 	Let us walk on our dirt and spring from our fall.  Let us not separate ourselves by the color of our skin or by religion, but rather love one another through our mistakes.  As population and information continues to increase, we statistically become more dangerous.  Internationally, our governments are already implementing precautions to prepare forces to retain order from potential chaos.  Let us not lose everything our ancestors fought for.  With the prophecies in place and the symptoms of the end of days nearby, we should hone our hearts and reiterate our beliefs.  We absolutely have to love our brothers and sisters and teach our future by example.. . 	A famous friend once told me something that I’ll never forget. “Everything is knowledge,” he said.  “You just have to learn it.”  I’ve never seen peace, but I know it is possible.  Regardless of our scars and whatever “Hell’” we think we have been through, know there’s more if we let it be.  I’ve languished amongst raw evil and it inspires me to know that its opposite is near.  We have to be capable of hope, love, and respect if we are guilty of violence, hatred, and gangs.  We are a new breed of thinkers, so why do we continue to be brainwashed into being a mere spectator in a solicitously shrewd secret?  Writing this took a lot out of me.  It stemmed from a dream and was inspired by the concept of Dante Alighieri’s “Divine Comedy”.  Use my words to find yourself.  When you find your love again, follow the road and never give up on it.  It took me losing everything to appreciate I had all along.. . . -Cam Carter. “Make Love, Not History”. July 04, 2015. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acknowledgments:. . . To my Beautiful Family. . Mom and Dad, for your endless love and support.  Nothing in life could ever repay or thank you enough.  I owe you both the world, and I’ll never give up on making you proud.. . Janice and Robbie, for the sacrifices you made, your charisma, patience, and endurance.  I know it wasn’t all that easy.  You’ve always done an outstanding job.  God will remember you.. . Alex and Lane, for the timeless memories of growing up, for being there when I should have been, and standing firm to who you are. I’m very proud of who you’ve become.  I’m sorry I ever looked away.. The University of Mississippi, for educating me to believe in myself when others couldn’t, teaching me how to utilize my passion for writing, and showing me that it’s okay to be a rebel.  Hotty Toddy!. . I love each of you with my everything!. . . Per angusta ad augusta, aut familia aut nihil. . . “Three things will last forever- faith, hope, and love-and the greatest of these is love”. (1 Corinthians 13:13 NLT). . . . “You can’t let the whole world into your story, but you can let the ones that matter the most.  And you should.”. (Stephen King, author). . . . “All it takes is one good person to restore hope!”. (Pope Francis). . . . “The ends justify the means.”. (Niccoló Machiavelli, Philosopher). . . . . 	PART ONE: ARS LONGA, VITA BREVIS. . If you received this then you have passed the test, and now it’s time to separate our fate from all the rest.  Not by envy, but inspiration.  Not by detachment in distress, that is designed and forgotten and discarded in a desk.  Not by fantasy, but hope.  The truth and nothing less.  Distinguished by democracy, reprised by our stress.  Hydroplaned by poverty to stall the manifest, to carry all my brothers with more patience in each step.  With permutation without perish and not plummet to our debt, but rather rise like a phoenix from the ashes of our deaths.. . 	With this exclusive message and whatever will that you shall choose, remember life is a choice so consider this choice on you.  Because no matter what our lessons or what alleged history has proved, we should never succumb to life’s vicissitudes.  Trust me once and don’t be weary, deliberate each move.  Listen to your love and be sincere at what you do.  Don’t be left to languish, left alone without a clue.  Trapped inside a nightmare-not knowing what to do.  I feel it is my mission to save us from the news, but we can’t hide in the darkness and expect to know the truth.. . 	With my entire me, I have been told forever that I can’t.  Too small, too stupid, like it was written in advance.  But instead of boxing out the world and feeding into their plan, I died inside.  Then I ran.  To the fields where we battle, idolized by our fans, inspired by their eyes, pretending not to give a damn.  The inner child trapped inside, still surviving in a man, holding the flowers of tomorrow with a simple smile in demand.  For knowledge not yet learned with all our blood soaked in the land.  Reprimanded by a lie, but who am I to make a stand?  This isn’t narcissistic knowledge; this is our future in our hands.  Please listen, pay close attention.  We don’t have much time to dance.. . 	Many dreams will diminish, even some will disappear.  Make for sure that you won’t follow that sleepy smoke inside each mirror.  All our elegies will cry, and all our teachers will revere, and all our students will seek illusions and we’ll recycle how we’re here.  Seek whom the crime shall profit, let justice reappear, not severe to an innocent on an immanent frontier, but be honest to constituents, not blind them by their fear.  Don’t dazzle with what sounds good, adhesive there and near.  Be more visual and evident, not as viscerally clear.  We are everything that’s backwards because we’re accidentally weird.. . 	Using adverbs as adjectives while holding back a cure, stealing from our parents when we never were that sure, branding luxuries in lyrics, promoting Pyrrhic splurge, creating what is cool just to get on someone’s nerves, using guns on people, demonstrating what we learn, watching what we see instead of showing more concern, shielding demagogues to poison us to buy off an urge, impulsive with their interests but deceptive with their words, depleting population, paving the way by thinning herds, the more and more we do, the more and more we seem absurd.. . 	At the expense of darkness that gets revealed on center stage, laying down a royal flush, staring fiends in their face, playing dominoes with the devil, petrifying in a cage, dying to live again, somewhere not afraid.  Persisting youth to raise awareness amongst their psychogenic phase, teaching as we listen, losing count of all the days, getting closer to our maker, persevering in a plague, knowing that we must get through troubles to make it through the maze, hurting for others that don’t care about today, repeating stupid actions when we can make a change, thinking peace is improper and ironic and a rave, ripping off the petals, tossing our roots into a flame, praying for a dollar that can be deemed another way, calumniating kids to believe in something fake, exonerating murderers to keep the cycle all the same.  We’re on the breach of living dead always stuck within our pain, laughing at a joke when you’re just a puppet in a play.  On the brink of martial law… it’s a cold old game.. . 	I used to hate on history, but now I understand why we’re beating on drums with our hands, singing to a plant for a century as the Renaissance man claims omnipotence in theory-still embraced by the damned.  We’re quick to jump for attention but are deflected by default, sorting through the questions not hearing what we’re taught.  As we listen in submission, but expeditious when we talk, wishing for a miracle as vicious as a hawk, gripping competition, pretending not to be involved, twisting every syllable, presiding every form of art.  Precision in addition with everything we bought, and it’s a crying shame that we are what we are.. . 	If you read the wrong book, you’ll get treated like you’re small.  Labeled as a citizen and tracked like a dog.  Maybe smooth as a criminal or whacked with the law.  Either way it doesn’t matter, we lack unity, so we fall.  But if you play dumb you will still walk the halls.  Blend in Mr. Gentleman-you’ll maybe get the ball.  Run for a moment but forget how to crawl.  Arm candy on your arm LOST in a phone call.. . 	We talk about nothing all day long.  Take the puzzle called LIFE and try and piece it in a song.  Differentiate the meaning when everybody’s wrong.  We indulge in our yesterdays when our yesterdays are GONE.  We’re moving so fast we tend to only focus on pawns.  Sacrificing time, flip a quarter in a pond, fishing coalitions still quisling bonds, then live for the day to only die by the dawn.  Tantalizing truth, teasing youth in a con, sensing serendipity but sold out for a gun.  Curious to learn lies (cool cats) die for the fun, but scared to die for the Son, leaders: trap, trick, and run…. . 	I know things are hard because I’ve seen the road to.  I probably lost everything to try to help you.  Been overwhelmed by reality and still in pursuit… of happiness in harmony with love and truth.. . 	But what’s the point of changing views still doing what we do?  We lie by surprise, make our habits to a loop.  Deny it till the day of that final interview.  Nod your head, turn the page.  Bite your tongue, still confused.  But can we make love after all we been through?  Have we seen enough death?  Is it time to make moves?  We are people after all, didn’t people make rules?  We prevaricated our friends, equivocating our crew… So, what is it going to take?  Can we really make do?  Can we humble our mistakes?  Is everything I say true?  We’re embarking in the end, which side will you choose?  Are you red?  Are you blue?  Do we win?  Do we lose?. . 	My purpose isn’t only to hit you where it hurts.  Or reinvent Hell to find the diamonds in the dirt.  Open doors to the wise or provide more work.  Or stop a bullet in its tracks before it hits you in the shirt.  It’s to save all the wandering from becoming what we were.  Bring peace through congruity by shining light on what occurs.  Take what’s real from reality and feed it to the birds.  Because if we die now, we will always have words.. . 	I never said it would be easy.  You have to know it take guts.  To size up evil and never freeze up.  You have to help you before you ever help us… Pretty soon it’ll all be dust, and it’s crazy how we let ourselves lose touch.  Killing our own kind with the same guns that we love. Take your time and understand, what is and what was.  But don’t listen to the world, listen to your love.  Stop violence by stopping what we must.  With everybody’s hustle, we’ll never need luck.  Here’s my journey through Hell towards love.  Not covet but soar as a dove.  Broken wings still flying towards love.  Making justice just a little more just.  Making friends just a little more trust.  We’ve been in the dark too long and enough is enough!. . 	So read between the lines, it’ll all add up.. . May I pick a rose and leave it on her grave?. May I take this minute and question all our pain?. May I earn your friendship and request and equal aim?. May I die alive, not alone or in vain?. May I say goodbye to all that remains?. May I pray for yesterday and look the other way?. May I see tomorrow’s enigma in a way,. So, I can make a difference with our differences today?. . May I wonder why we’re watching blindfolded by the news?. Why are we so amused every time we are abused?. Why are our perspectives so misled and misconstrued?. Why are we held captive and inclined to be reduced?. Why toss topsoil on everything we do?. Why not open doors for people who are rude?. Why deprive knowledge when it should be introduced?. Why ask questions when we’re sitting on the truth?. . 	If we are like vultures, violating all our fruit…  Our ellipsis can’t protect us from the poison in our food.  Listen, pay attention to the move!  In every riddle-in the middle- there’s a clue…  No deception, masquerading any proof…. No second guessing, this is absolutely you!  Believe by yourself, I can’t hide yourself from you…  Believe in yourself.  They can’t make you be a fool….. . 	We can’t be guided by love if we’re corrected by fear.  The triple crown’s alive, still residing in the clear.  In a nation within a nation, protecting Maximus each year, forcing lies to our surprise our prophecy is here.  In an ocean of emotions, overdosing in our tears.  So acoustic with excuses, simulating how we’re here.  If we remain less intentional, we’ll flashback to the rear, and become that sleepy smoke that we just mentioned in the mirror.  So, listen when you hear.  Please listen as a witness-pay attention to your peers.. . 	First of all, dividends aren’t meant to be our friends.  Treasures hidden on an island are meant to hide them from revenge.  The serpent slips and slithers and blends in as noble men and will betray one for false beautiful to trick and kick them in the chin.  We can’t sell out now, we can’t sail without our wind.  We have been granted gifts to defend us from our sin, but we’re too caught up in ourselves for us to see or comprehend.  Eyes too busy burning personals with the dexterity defense.  We learn by mistakes-play not to lose-instead of win.  The only times we stop to memorize are through our camera’s lens.  When we see the bigger picture we gawk, glamorize, and grin.  Fake it just to make it nearly naked-innocent.  Photoshop a life, cloning demons, tricking them.  Summon up the courage through a spirit dead within.  Post it to a page, reveal a face as evidence.  Develop it, to value it, then store it in a bin.  A mere memory, a sole signature, lost inside again.  A conduit condemned to be condoned in the end, reaching far, through broken hearts, to only touch pretend.. . 	Now we tell visions with televisions, but never meet the writer’s pen.  As stars are fed caviar; rewarded by limelight in their syringe.  Strung out on success in a pool of stress within, boxing up awards, forgetting who helped who begin.  Secrets kept in circles tight heir loomed by suffering.  Idols nearly worshipped, sacrificed by youths of prim.  Slumbered by the weight of all the knowledge to a sense.  It’s everything we lose-sometimes we have to lose to win.. . 	Friends get betrayed to free a guilty man that’s rich.. 	Parasites arrayed in a place that’s full of ticks.. 	Society displayed on a page of ignorance.. 	Hypocrites on a stage in a world of politics.. 	Falling in a pit.  Falling in abyss.. 	Father Time, Mother Nature, all irrelevant.. 	Hiding in our lies, trapped inside our hate.. 	Hope and wait through adversity-we’re due a better fate.. . 	Education should be the basis for the children we must raise.  Because phonetics and this message could die with me in my grave.  I see our salvation in a lost recession age, and it is up to us.  We must learn to be the change.. . 	I have seen the golden head fall to Roman legs and feet.  The churches mixed with politics, controlling all the weak.  The ten tribes for marriage vows, together for defeat.  The proud whore of Babylon is seated on the beast.  The dark side of the moon will play for more than what it keeps.  As the taste of gunpowder dwells on everything we eat.  Still very uncivilized and savage, ravaging the beat, wiping blood from the sword of victory-promoting that very crime in the street.  Preparing for war, lying as if we plan for peace.  Selling dreams to our doubt in a black cloud of retreat.  Nearly destine to bleed in colors by the seven shades of greed, pontificating free when freedom’s creed is always green.. . 	A modern revelation; a message sinking deep.  Inside a whale of variance beyond the thirty-third degree.  A story told but better shown, so through a quest “we shall see.”  Three words of many kings without any kingdom at my feet.  Another brother heard the Trumpet, mulching miracles to be… never worthy of your worship-so please don’t ever worship me… but help me take these words and plant them around the globe on every beach.  Every troubled heart.  Every distant mystery.  We are the world if we grow together like a tree.  On the shoulder of a giant comes our once good company.. . 	Consider this the declaration of our global cry for peace.  Sealed with a lock and a million-dollar key.  Held captive away from society, but yet I still believe-in society, we see only what we want to see.  Remember true poetic justice always comes with a fee, but if you decide to open it, you’ll open up your dreams.  I’ll try not to cry, die, question, jeopardize or deceive.  We are unique as people!  Let’s try to be friends with enemies, defend those new friends from evil, plant more plants so we can breathe, share love and kill our violence-erase our tension in decree, lets cultivate our nobles and rebuke our devilry.  Find your faith… still hope and wait... and germinate this seed.. . 	Yes, these words of witness steal my pride and flesh appeal.. 	Yes, this well-timed wisdom is really real and how I feel.. 	This is my pugnacious purpose since my adolescent build.. 	The power of my pen is my sword and my shield.. . 	A pioneer prosecuted through a perilous place concealed.  Through a glass blocked by concrete, and small walls that seem like steel.  A scope that must protect itself to be invested in a skill, persevering pain, not to gain, but to always be sincere.. 	. 	Where the pesky and the petty befriend beggars, snakes, and eels.  Vamped by radios and mistletoes, misled by issues still.  Hate in hibernation, dictated dangers-with the will to kill.  While others pray in circles, redeemed by time and timeless tears.  While the city tends to die as modern slaves live to tell the tale.  The urges to be home, when the only home is through the mail.  The scars of where we are, only weighs down perception Libra’s scale.  Consider this my light shining far outside my cell.. 	. What we have always wanted is a job somewhere else.  Vexing constellations leaning on Orion’s belt.  Levitating pendulums, swinging shades of all avail, texting in a test-under desks of embered ail.  Guessing as we stress, perplexed by lessons never fair.. . When we lose our best friends, cheating when we’re offered help.  Wasting all your blessings-constant thinking of yourself.  Patient with our wishes- Saint Lucia, reading brail.  The cruelest of cruel waters cumber some and for a spell.. . Why is our love gone-somewhere, loving someone else?  Nestled next to demons while their souls are flying stealth.  Their happiness is forged to die inside a salted snail, denying words that will spare their hearts that were golden molded well.. . How are we twice as smart, while empty brains line upon the shelf?  Teaching tales of teachers disguised by garnished lazy wealth.  Crystalized to their demise when Death has raised his blackest veil.  But I can save the people with my Halo into Hell.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Part two: Halo into hell. . . Through nine rings of fire guided slowly amongst the dead.  The one place where blood covers the road that twists ahead.  Zen can’t balance sin when bodies claw the painful wind.  Towered through the blight as time knives surviving skin.  Parasites and famine paralyze the sludge in pods.  Sectioned off torture lurks in numbers forlornly odd.  Scorned in all regard, pedantic tanks of broken hearts.  Buried in Botticelli, seven rays of fatal art.. . Alone through the suffering, fighting unfair to stay alive, immolating time, imbruing tithes to take a tie.  Never losing faith because the truth will light their lies, preparing for escape behind closed curtains in their eyes.. . Dante in red as Virgil guides his side, scrupling and hesitant, as peril seeks another bride.  Deception smirks.  The humble hurt.  The banshee wails its painful cry.  The yesterdays are all the same and everyone must die… but if we survive these troubled times and stop imprudent ties.  Overcome impossibles and put obstacles aside.  Not brag or boast, escape the ghosts, and do away with pride.  The mighty fall, the small grow tall-the optimist will rise!. . Oppression under pressure, oxymoronic on a stage.. Overruled by tragedy-terror in a day.. The backseat of destruction, holding bullets with your name.. As crooks beg for mercy but will never change their way.. When a beautiful oblivion hides behind a cage.. The memories of misery are bound to leave a stain.. The epitome of epiphanies will never be the same.. And the best book is you so don’t forget the path you came.. . Don’t close your eyes too fast and blink away each breath.. Don’t vanish in the wind before you have a chance to step.. Don’t get consumed in the moment.. When you know you’re right and nothing’s left…?. Don’t let anyone or anything make you crippled from your best.. . The suffering burns a darkness on piano keys of hate.  The discipline involved in channeled passion in a safe.  Hidden by the negatives brought by the means of fate.  We can make it through mistakes, but it takes true courage to escape.. . Muscles growing tight, pulling love out of a cave.. Nervous of the heights and the depths of all we made.. Desperate for attention while still running from the grave.. Balanced by the Gemini, still longing to be brave.. . Saving every life that’s still willing to be saved.. Waking up the sleeping crowd of sheep lost in the maze.. Knowing in my heart that soon we will find the way.. Friendship with the world, will never get you raised.. . Resist the power, forcing you to lead back to the flame.. Sharpen every instrument we must fight our way to pain.. We lost our guide, but I am here, and we are here the same.. This is Hell and to escape this jail we must love the hate away.. . Control the temper in it, don’t listen to the blade.. Be true despite the mockers and the bullies of the date.. Best friends will testify and feed you to the snake.. . But…. . All our love awaits the other side of Satan’s gates.. . . . . . . . 	There’s no need for looking back.  We should all be looking up.  Be grateful for what you have.  Don’t be slaving for some luck.  The tribulations will be tough, therefore He suffered just for us.  It may be heavy where we’re at, but we can overcome a rut.  Heal from a cut and emerge from our lust.  The situation is critical-because critics always fuss.  Some rubble will be rough.  Be strong.  Be well.  Be love.. . 	Now that you can see this image smeared into your mind.  Take one last look at the Hell we left behind.  Sisyphus and Tantalus still shuffle through their bind, searching for something out of nothing of all our emptiness combined.  I understand your pain, it may seem a dream to find.  Help in a time-where help itself, would never try.  When people walk right by, too proud to look you in the eye.  Too cold to even cry as the lonesome days turn to night.  Remember God still loves us because there will always be the light.  But we have to put our love to action and live by what is right.  Don’t be afraid to fight the devil, don’t feed into what he likes.  Life is a jungle and the blessed will earn their stripes.. . So, think before you blink, slow down and learn before you talk.. We’re so quick to live and ramble and we wonder why we’re lost.. . Corruption hardly questioned and our questions remain unsolved.  Days keep going by as all our crime is swept to law.  The papers scream, “We’re innocent” although our human rights are gone.  Railroaded by sobriety and written to another song.  The song that’s never heard because our kings are still those pawns.  Disavowed by authority, brandishing their brawn.. . Bleeding tears for everyone as our selfishness exceeds.  Stretching coast to coast like a viral night disease.  Influencing the masses despite all our evil deeds.  Seeing is believing, but haven’t we seen enough to see?. Done enough to achieve?. Done enough to plant a seed?. Done enough to finally see?. . History repeat.. The evidence concedes.. We have much more mouths to feed.. . Fighting just to bleed?. High of drugs and greed?. Question marks of our defeat?. . As we’re sinking back to yesterday of what we used to be.. . . . . Part Three: voices and choices. . . Now with red hands our voices travel much faster than before.  Organized by weapons, kindled hatred by their force.  Pandora’s box of paradox is toxic in its course.  With Malthusian inhabitants so thirsty for a war.  Using excuses to be ruthless to divide us as a fork.. . While contingencies and enemies torture through a torque, ripping gunners from their families-threatened by divorce, saving the stain of her lipstick from that last step off the porch, fighting to return again-without a home but with remorse, shaking up the gore, letting drugs seep through the door, stressing out and lonely, doing all the devil’s chores, contemplating suicide after surviving through a war, knowing that everybody hurts, but you can’t stand it anymore.. . Our arsenal is our love and the decisions we make will endure.  False love will kill armies if our conduct is ignored.  The products, another variable sold in a boarded store, weighing our irrelevance because everybody’s poor.  Life is so much more than blood, guts, and gore… than lies, cries, and lore… than who is set up for the score…. So, what are we fighting for?. What are we hiding for?. What are we dying for?. Are we even living anymore?. The scientists of death are wise with their economic trend.  The media’s assessment guesses through their camera’s lens.  The psychology of life is sold like Bibles on a stand.  The governments of everywhere make everything a brand.  The money flips our roots on nearly everything we plant.  The nouns of the world make us busy as an ant.  The nabobs and necromancers liquidate the land, as malefic phases are fiercely flawed on purpose to manipulate a man.. . If our music tends to die inside our whispers feeling small.. Then can the answers be explained by the prudence down the hall?. . Rearranged in a game timed by a frozen hourglass.. Challenged by adversity to be drug back to the past.. . Can we synchronize our love and amplify our laugh?  Build bridges for tomorrow and never look back, but be humbled fact the fact, that we choose if we collapse.  The inevitable will happen so be true with what you have.  Be bold in every task because life is not an act.. . Life is a sentence.  Life is a pact.. Life is a struggle.  Life is a blast.. Life is a gift.  Life is a fact.. Life is a blessing.. . So, live life while it lasts.. . Life is a gateway, narrow in its path.. Life is a flower, intertwined within our grasp.. Life is a magic that’s heavy and vast.. Life is a support as a boom and a mast.. . Life is a circle, beautiful in all.. Life is a metaphor, dying just to crawl.. Life is a promise, the leaves of a tree.. Life is forever and all that we need.. . Life is our trust and we must believe.. Life is each other, together in peace.. Life is submission, a pod for a pea.. Life is our love and that is our key.. Make life.  Make love.  Not history.. . 	Death is widespread, wantonly warding the wind.. 	Wayward like wealth, winning more as we sin.. 	Problems in problems, an outsource of disease.. 	The purge of a puppet, punching lines in a speech.. . 	Death is a darkness, a threat in a fret.. 	Death is a nothing you’d never expect.. 	Death is easy and silent as a silhouette.. 	Death is a pain you’d never forget.. 	Death is a blank space that’s left on a test.. 	Death is sleep that never gets rest.. 	Death is a sinkhole that’s left on a chest.. 	Death is a message that dies on a quest.. . 	Death is deceptive and a hard sacrifice.. 	Death is a cove, the ending of life.. . Through all the years we’ve seen colors fly.. Enough blues and reds to paint all the sky.. . Although sometimes, time devours itself.. A man from a mouse could still use some help.. . In so many words with so much to say.. Fortune will forever favor the brave.. . But if we’re willing to die but aren’t willing to live.. We’re willing to steal, unwilling to give.. . The feelings inside, I bring them to light.. To unite the world, I’m willing to fight.. . For peace.  For justice.  And anything right.. With all of my heart, and all of my might.. Knowledge, Understanding, Strength, Harmony: Life.. . 	. 	. 	. 	Sovereigns have come and conquered and still failed to find a queen.  Our children chase the wind to show their parents everything.  The earth has seen it all, from the peaks of mountains to the streams.  From stoic martyrs to faithless suicide, all in all and in between.. . 	We are the people… people! Together our numbers will humble any king.  The laws of every average are a finished product of our team.  If we teach the world to smile again instead of hustle every scheme.  We can recycle, reduce, reuse-every unanswered dream, and save billions from the sky by saving our future’s gasoline; caress the sands of time, tuck them in an angel’s wing; make it safe enough where any little kid can swing, without wax or superman or supervision in between.. . 	Let us utilize what we learn to cultivate hope somehow by any means.  Without this increase of knowledge, decreasing all our strength.  Raise awareness as a prophet by shining emphasis on things, instead of plotting for a profit, let us teach the world to think!. . 	We must rise towards tomorrow and make this day a memory.  We must always stick together and remain in harmony.  We must live for this occasion to make peace less make believe.  We must start a revolution and Make Love, Not History!. . We must respect the little laws and abide by destiny, purifying hearts, letting hope retake the lead, cleansing what’s ahead instead of what’s behind our feet, putting action into words and keep our promises to keep.  Give the gift of knowledge even to our enemies, saving those around us from false teachers in decree, listening to their stories to recognize the melody, focusing through mistakes, ratifying love to be.  Despite our tendencies.  Make Love, Not History!. . 	No one is perfect, sometimes we learn through our pain.  Sometimes the opportunities are opted in a flame.  Sometimes all abilities are forsaken through the fame.  Sometimes we must fall again to remind us where we came.  Sometimes we drown our ignorance, looking up in the rain.  Sometimes we build bridges just to burn them once again.  Sometimes that time is lost, and hate tends to build up in your skin.  Sometimes money means more than money, it really just depends.. 	. 	We live with wolves around us, self-controlling rogues with rosaries.  A gangster in a suit with a sadistic monarchy.  A catalyst pursuit in the midst of fallacy.  A safari for the truth, desperate rolling through the deep.  A luminary sleuth driving towards a tragedy.  A DJ in a booth, vibing to an evil beat.  A phantom on the roof synching sequence in a scene.  An anthem in a noose, waiting for an intervene.. . 	Despite the known prophecies, what’s done can’t be erased.  Through all tribulations, this generation has seen every trend in place.  Even diabolic paragons envy love-that’s not afraid.  Occults hide in temples, hiding truth inside a maze.  If we pay attention to the many whispers from the grave.  We can save our children from being selfish, ungrateful, and estranged… or as I, in a zoo, labeled legally insane.. . 	When our lies are truly feasible to the dormant that remain.  The judges of the world keep it silenced, to keep the game still the same.  As we throw away that pain, stained by blood that used to have a name.  We point our fingers to the clouds when it is US that we should blame.  It is US that we should tame.  It is US that we sustain.  Without complaint!  Without red paint!  Without doubt we shall reign.. . Without compassion for the passionate and without the cards we’re dealt.  We can’t change the world, unless we learn to change ourselves.. 	. 	Embracing the tomb of the unknown and Kennedy’s eternal flame, watching hypocrites in lines all voting for a change, educating students stimulated by cocaine, asking questions for tomorrow, it’ll never be the same.. . 	The cascades of many stages and the abrasions of defeat.  Swim with many sharks with more potential than their teeth.  Then the mentor with the stencil already knows as they speak, but feels the emptiness inside, and all that emptiness was me.  But love still survives, sometimes it keeps away from sleep.  With the butterflies awake, I feel somebody else’s need.  And if I let them fly instead of turning the other cheek.  I know that I can save a life and let discernment finally see.. . 	The Princess died in a tunnel,. 	Lincoln shot in a play,. 	Jesus died on the cross,. 	Caesars’s court had him slain,. 	Earnhardt finished what he loved,. 	Disney’s mind had us play,. 	I’ve felt the ghosts of Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway,. 	The ambition of Columbus with Robert Frost in my veins,. 	The courage of Geronimo with DaVinci in my paint,. 	With all the drops of Jupiter, and the road Beyond the Gates,. 	Questioned history like Hitler…. I hope we all learned from his hate…. . Shakespeared my way labyrinths in the city of the dead,. Grew up in the land of Elvis, now that city’s painted red,. Have dreams of Dr. King still standing in my head,. The intuition of Mr. Farrakhan and all Mandela ever said,. The seed of Paul and Bonnie but I’ll never be a saint,. They’re my engine and my gas and they have always kept me safe,. Now I’m blazing guns of innocence,. All I lost is on this page…. I built off what was left behind, and get real for what awaits…. The balance of faith and wisdom, the synopsis of my brain.. Mixed with Washington and Churchill and a little Lil Wayne.. The source of my beginnings,. Every season has its time.. Let’s spawn a new beginning,. We’re too quiet for our mind.. Why watch when we can make it?. Let’s stop living in surprise.. We are the world.. But disconnected from our very lives.. . We can be more than spectators,. Instigating petty lies.. Technology connives with its conscience,. That means knowledge, without eyes.. Conservatives will prosper,. But not in a jungle in a bind.. Constituents piecing puzzles,. But quit when problems do arise.. . Wizards dazzle with their demons,. Dancing devils in disguise.. Don’t leave without our peace,. We can put the past behind.. Don’t discriminate the races,. We’re much stronger all combined.. Judicially we juggle,. But conjunctionally we’re fine.. Everyone has shadows,. But not everyone has time.. . Let’s macerate our mask and remember all that die.. If we lacerate our fantasy, the hourglass will cry.. If we focus on tomorrows, we’ll miss a day of sky.. If we what if-ifs forever, we’ll always cherish every lie.. But if we stick together, we’ll love more if we try.. But only if we try…. Let’s be honest, who is the… who am I?. . Let us be achievers, not a dreamer all confused.. Let us be a lender, not a taker and a scrooge.. Let us be perceptive when we’re doing what we do.. Let us be fantastic, not so naturally removed.. . Let us be more patient with our happiness pursuit.. Let us be more lucrative with our integrity renewed.. Let us insure tranquility in the intentions that we choose.. Let us be deliberate and together when we move.. . Let us be examples for a future well construed.. Let us see through cracks of liberty when our fathers tend to lose.. Let us ensure education because our books are bulletproof.. Let us keep our faith in God in everything we do.. . Let us cultivate our gardens.. Let us motivate our youth.. Let us cultivate our branches.. Let us motivate our fruit.. . Let us cherish every moment.. Let us reform every due.. Let us help every odyssey.. Let us seek every clue.. . Let us make love better.. Let us make something new.. Let us make love forever.. It all starts with you.. . Now imagine all the people gathered by their so-called friends, dancing for “just” dollars, getting tattoos on their hands.  Laid in a phase, spreading aids in a day.  Crazed in a daze, hurt for money so amazed.  Did it all for nothing, medicine for medicine.  So many pills, all the hills, start to spin.  Duplicity in cities of alterity and sin.  The dominoes of dynasties dynamic in the end.  Alliterating words just to see us comprehend.  Wars starting wars making population thin.  Artillery sold at a flick of a pen.  Thirsty for additions, crunching numbers, pressing send.  Connected globally for years in an economic sense.  Can we make a difference despite our differences again?  The oeuvres have closure, ossifying every win.  But we can’t take our faith to the bank, and all things must end.. . Pollution, gun violence, and domestic abuse.. Poverty in urban blight creates a sense of urgency to shoot.. Immigration, corruption, unemployment by the mass.. Divorce, suicide, budget deficits, and math.. Teen pregnancy, gambling, stock markets crash.. Prices of education increase by every class.. Student loans, bankruptcy, desperate for a pass.. Selling food stamps at church, stealing petty cash.. More money more problems, less money more death.. Less money more bottles, more money more stress.. Police brutality, anger, and riots in the streets.. Bombs in a stadium, we are our enemies.. Another step towards a felon, just as hard to get a job.. Drugs, excuses, politics-ticking hard.. Parasites a menace, humans trampled by a mob.. Finally, driven by success, hands up then you’re robbed.. . I know the love is still alive because I still feel the wind.. . Let us sacrifice our pride, and let it end. Amen!. . 	Now that I have your attention, let me make it-make (a little sense).  That darkness still lurks and I’m not talking past tense.. . 	We’re so dependent on technology, we technologically went dumb.  Too ambitious for tomorrow, dead today by the tongue.  If we’re modern coexisting from a mountain to a crumb.  We move around like robots, and we have made what we’ve become.  Homes like boarding houses glued to memories not done.  Sticking forks into a nothing, nothing’s tasteful in a slum.  Smart phones are talking while our kids talking guns.  If the internet would fail would we remember how to run?. . . 	As commerce and society freeze like a bad movie in a dome.. Even the strong and prosperous are scared of the unknown.. That fear strikes their mercy, clicking buttons for a drone.. Millions turn to killers; millions turn into bones.. . . Survival instincts climb the surface, jamming headphones in the zone.  Walking straight into a trap, while you think you’re all alone.  Secret satellites taking pictures-people search through rubble for their home.  Pieces turn to peace for a moment then it’s gone.. . . . Can we all become better?. Can we put away our stones?. Can we all come together?. Can we all just get along?. Hiding with agendas using tokens yet to come.  Then poverty would probably take gangster number one.  Then those homeless in the alleys holding signs up to the sun.  While the man with the magnifier proves justice can be won.  Though intentions-are-everywhere and the Lemon Walls weigh a ton.  We have a choice.  We are the people.  We have to remember where we’re from!  Through theories of conspiracies and/or a simple rhyme and pun.  These rhymes are for a reason and the reasons have begun.. . Whisper words of wisdom, but the words are like grenades.  Bursting in an instance, refugees to renegades.  Bullets flying at the post man with a single message on his page.. . “Stop lying in denial because it happens every day!”. . When bodies line the ground and the survivors turn to slaves.  Tanks riding through our neighborhoods, pointing our guns at our face.  WAKE UP! IT’S NOT A DREAM…. It’s a cold, old game.. . You’ll see true lies and fallen skies; only colors will remain.  We’ll force scientist from all the world to study all our pain.  They’ll still sacrifice a queen to gain access to our brain.  And it’ll take libraries to finally see the strategy’s-the same.  With the world in our pockets, tough love is shrinking small.  What was once the law, can’t play along with the emptiness involved.  We can stall, make bricks to walls, but we’ll still die, they’ll take it all.  We’re disempowered by employees that try to run before the crawl.. . What else is to be expected selling Death inside our malls?  Implementing trickery washed down with alcohol.  Impulsing spenders in a market shook by their greedy little flaws.  Tautologously tweaking thoughts, transfixed by final calls.. . What was once united isn’t united anymore.. What was once the door has been trampled to the floor.. Freedom all for granted when freedom forgot the chore.. Neutrality-formalities-never moral anymore.. . That very news will amuse, eyes glued to the screens.. Win intentional then lose, just to prove we’re really mean.. Besides that, confused and merely used like gasoline.. We are as toys, like the drugs are to the fiends.. . 	The first to know, the first to go.. The last to move is out of sight.. 	The person saved will kiss the grave.. And be one less to fight.. 	We can choose to follow rules.. And utilize all our given tools.. 	And make reality really real.. Instead of creating what is cool.. Part Three: A Piece of peace. . 	If we build what we feel and manage peace, love, and time.  We can reiterate and liberate every simple mind.  Take this as a sign to remind us and rewind.  It doesn’t take machines to realize mankind isn’t kind.. . 	True love will be divine.. Make love an enterprise.. 	 All hills are not that Beverly.. But love can edify.. . 	Rollercoasters boasting Monte Cristo’s rise through pretty lies, but love is a butterfly in Hell that never dies.  Again, let me be honest… who is the, who am I?. . 	I will make inner circles millions and use my share to provide fulfilment, inspiring just presidents to want to eat with me.  I will stop frivolous killings in the streets and subliminally make love to everyone that chooses to believe.  Before your selfish eyes, a maturing masterpiece, designed by a dream bigger than any Tennessee.  Still dreaming of my dreams, and even the diminutives climb through fragments of debris.  The once darker tendencies are history whether not, I still remember recipes.  Regardless of which weather-I’ve seen more rain than ever-we can say we have changed for the better-but talk is still cheap.. . 	It will all repeat.  It will all deplete.  It will all retreat.  I let justice speak through me.  So, I am destiny.  I am love and peace.  And I am only me.  Just a leaf, from a forgotten tree.  Lost beyond a memory.  Behind a master key, longing for the rest of me.  Am I free when I’m free?  Am I seen when I’m seen?  Am I keen when redeemed?  Am I living in a nightmare dressed in dreams?  The end will justify the means!. . 	Am I blessed to be the first son?  The first of Bonnie’s birth.  When I started reading the proceedings had its perks.  When I felt destroyed by all the stupidity on earth.  Her buoyant charm, connected dots, to help me never hurt.  Her love taught me that kindness really works.  And all my many magics are really not a curse.  Every little opportunity presents itself in spurts, and at the end of everyday my gentry always lurks.  Family could be first after God then maybe church.  Love for your country.  But love is always work.  So, let my mom converge, the urge to shift attention to a mission in a surge.  To show my wounds were earned for a greater purpose to enlighten and discern.  Between ambition and courage to shine through a purge.  To help humanity with words for hope to bless them through a verse.  Because nothing is expected till it happens and occurs.  So, believe in unexpected because it’ll pester till it’s heard.. 	All I want is to move mountains and reach the top and never flop.  Make a star turn to dirt and from the dirt into a crop.  Through a seed of memories and journey to the rock.  When she left the world, I went away to Hollywood, and never stopped.  I cried tears of Christmas on a warm winter roof.  All alone in the music, in the blues, in a suit.  With all my dreams at my fingertips, and a mindset for the truth.  All my family in my heart with aspirations for the moon.. . But how do we feed them love, when it’s our love that always hates?. How do we help our fathers, when it’s our fathers that keep us safe?  How do we be patient, when our patience, is taken by the day?. I am allergic to wait because my soul is at stake.. . 	Hearts break.  Random aches.  Shallow lakes.  Gates.. We change as we suffer, when our fates are running late.  Of the dead speak easy because soon they will awake.  When the world starts to shake, maybe then we will relate.. . 	I think so I exist, but I’ve seen the benefits shift.  It is worse than a crime, it is a blunder to forget!  We have to come together and stop the killing and repent.  Stop history and make love before we stipulate a dent.. . As time will be mine, what is mine I will keep.  To defeat the deceit for the love, let it be.  I invest the ink of this pen to find the lost pieces of peace.  Without evidence, I see.  So, I’ll help you to believe…. …by protecting the weak and having the courage to speak.. To make a stand and fill the gap of our excuses of Eve.. By ourselves we make nothing, but together we’re free.. Because we’re like comedy and tragedy with terror and fleas.. With that ole “Halo into Hell”, and the holy manna in me.. I’ll kill darkness with love, and let love let us see.. I’ll have faith and keep safe and earn hearts and not take.. Appreciate the moment and embrace every day.. Keep humility and the ability to say:. Let us pray… Let us pray… We’re not a prey…. . Our love will last forever,. What we know is incomplete,. Our love never dies,. It carries hope and never sleeps,. It is lucent, potent, and perfect clarity,. It is emotion in motion,. The only recipe for peace.. . But what is love if it hates?  False hope and mistakes?. Make love, not history-we are the weight.. . LOVE is warm attachment-attracting every turn.. LOVE is frequent magic, magnetic, stern, and firm.. . LOVE is sweet serenity while the symphonies await.. LOVE is the beat inside of hearts, locked away in a cage.. . When LOVE will get you hurt, it is deception in disguise.. Because LOVE is perfect!  It wants the best for you and I.. . So, remember this today for what I say it must be clear.. When you leer and look around, please know it started here.. . Many languages have moved just as currency is exchanged.. Many advantages are prude just as false idols are to blame.. . Simplicity is needed to keep from talking into empty space.. The only way we teach each other is to learn to relate…. . These rhymes are for their reasons therefore the reasons of why I rhyme.  Are to relate and decorate and paint a picture in your minds.  It sure sounds good on paper, but if we can find the melody.  We can make these words dance and Make Love, Not History!. . I know it seems indigestible and impossible in a sense, but if we help an enemy, we convert them to a friend.  And when we show them the unexpected and bring them back to where we began.  We cannot make up time, but we sure can change the sand.. . Take a lesson from the wise, the poor, and the scared… if you wake up and work-true love won’t be impaired.  Take a lesson from the eager, the rich, and the aware… if you sleep away and die-poverty won’t care.  It’ll sneak up through a bottle or a blunt or a cigar, and stab with pure malice like the devil’s in your heart.  Love will never trap you like a witty fox into a snare, but love will surround you when you know it’s really there.  Love is patient, selfless, true, kind, generous, and fair.  Tonight, let’s make tonight!  Let’s love forever as the air!. . However, hate… is enmity, a jealousy’s delight.  A hoodlum’s heart, a stolen car, a fire burning ice.  Its devices create carnage while dictators rule the night.  It slithers as a rattle snake and strikes without a reason why.  Hate can see through people and it’ll notice every time.  If money is there, it’s well aware, and quick to set you up and drop the dime.  Hate is pure evil-death without excuse.  It’ll raise its hand to kill a friend, and then come chasing after you.  Hate is plotting weasel words that keep lying to itself.  The witness died but would have lied, then raced to something else.  Hate is greedy dogs that steal and still resent.  Ogle here and bogey there, write you off and lose the pen.  It will bite the hand that fed them, longing for something still not seen.  Ravish with all atrocity, try to preach and intervene.  Vindictive vistas wreck the pictures, pillage then retreat.  Crash dignity and let it be, still fly with broken wings.. . Now what I love is real and what I hate is deep,. Sugar coated by society and lost inside of me,. But when cops are killing kids where our cameras can’t see,. I can’t help but cry and bleed inside my heart for families,. . So much war for wages,. History should sign a lease,. Protecting poppy fields,. While soldiers die in the streets,. . From civil wars to wars on drugs to wars in the Middle East,. Melancholies marred through deception-infested beyond belief,. Like graduating students when those students cannot read,. Follows, likes, and tweets when they never seen the lead,. . Those same greedy dogs claim they’re “just trying to eat,”. Is no excuse to steal, kill, and destroy all our peace…. . Oh,. Humanity?. Oh,. Humility?. I’m not the one to preach…but. I have respect for my elders and say thank you and say please.. With the power of my pen strokes, my fingertips breathe.. They can take my mind and body,. But in my heart, I’m always free…. . 	I know it’s hard to imagine, so just cherish every step.  Hold on to these words, save your tears for something else.  Have patience and prepare, accumulate love and make it wealth.  Fear God, love each other, don’t be too proud to ask for help.. . 	A list of instructions blessed through a passage with my seal.  With a quibble tip, built through quality, and friendship through my quill.  Now as times are changing faster, stained by violence and all despair.  It is time that we kill jealousy and start to show we really care.. . 	It was written first and once-once long ago.  But now it’s time to act and reveal what-we used to know.  The places that we’ve been and the places, soon we’ll go.  The faces of our friends, that recognition, when they glow.. . 	I used to doubt and be without, be gullible, but shrewd.  And now I see a future, never seen but very true.  These drones will be a problem, open doors for fifty shades of blues.  In order for us to solve them, we must pay attention to the clues.  Stop the bombs and bullets, stop the smog that fills the air.  Them chem trails above us, twirl in circles not to scare.  There’s a golden fringe around our freedom, as lies trickle down the heirs.   Elites discreet a challenge that will haunt us till when we’re there.. . If they sneak in purses and hide them under seats near the stage.  I’ll shake their hands with pianos while we’re burning up in flames.  I’ll seem like I’m raising Cain, saving Abel in denial.  Fight their fire with ghetto gospels; open eyes of every child.  Every man, woman, race, black, white, yellow, green/lead them through our gardens to prove that we are still a team.  Created perfect for a purpose, nearly social through a screen.  Forty-seven years late, yet I still have a dream!. . A patriot, impartial…in a place where violence is deemed.  A place where the judges are the criminals and criminals are clean.  Disgraced and disgruntled known for a pyramid of gleam.  A home that has been lost, a house that used to have a king.. . Can we make every victim smile and give them hope and keep them safe?  Make criminals resort to giving, not be soft, but well behaved?  Make lovers love one soul and show them that it’ll be okay.  We can shake the world together…if we motivate.  I dedicate this moment to my opponents from here today.  If we can teach the world to love again, we can stop the world from hate.  Remember, we are the people and real eyes still realize real lies.  Be intuitive and intractable not intrigued or compromised.  Be reconciled and sound again, prepare without surprise.  Don’t be desponded by the discipline, survive and be alive!. . We may be outsourced and laid off or contained within a night.  But we won’t give up or give in to these camps without a fight.  Our hearts are too bold, and our minds are sharp as knives.  Be brave, behold, be never out of sight.. . Do my similes and metaphors maybe ring a bell?. This is really real so we might as well, be well…. Consider this my lamp shining far outside my cell…. Consider this my second chance to make a difference somewhere else…. . From selfish to selfless to innocent in jail.  I graduated college but hardly ever helped myself.  The people cheating off my paper the same to slander and save themselves.  What do I really know?. …only time will tell…the tale.. . So, as I set aside my halo and live through the mail,. With visions of a prophet never profiting through hell,. Driving beamers with broken roads steered by horses full of kale,. A black veil in the shadows, do we pick the one that’s pale?. . Drinking drops of Jupiter in a court room full of whales,. Listening to lies, separated from our shell.. Tingles from the truth, hiding exculpatory proof…. Don’t be tricked or bluffed be you…. In everything you do…. Things happen for a reason,. Maybe my purpose is for you…. If I won’t give up on me,. I’ll never give up on you,. . Understand that pain!. Know that everybody hurts!. Everybody wants, needs, cries, lies, and steals-even church!. When people lose it all and tend to have vengeance on their tongue…. Know that someone else, somewhere else, is happy with a crumb.. . I plead my allegiance to my country and our God.. Once upon a time I was a pea inside a pod.. And when I die, who am I, just another body dead?. My family is all scattered now that everything went red.. But I say that we must not give up that little whisper in our head.. We can build those bridges if we work instead of rest.. We can make things beautiful, even out of all this mess.. I said it once, wrote it twice what I want is less and less.. Listen and trust me once because everything is fresh.. I promise all the world that I’ll become the best.. I’ll never sleep until we complete,. Seek that perfect quest,. By increasing all humility and maybe humanize the rest.. . Love as I love, and see what I see…. Feel as I feel, and breathe as I breathe…. Take on this moment, hone it and be…. Make Love-Save Life-Not History!. . Don’t be left behind, be more than your role.. Don’t get lost in a system, like you are a mole.. Don’t give up just yet, soon we will mold.. But not mold as a fungus, we’ll mold into gold.. . Spread this manifesto from a boat to a coast.. By horse or a donkey, by camel or goat.. This is our future, my message of hope.. A blessing, a lesson…my purpose, our scope.. . . . . . . Part four: Make Love, Not history. 	. 	Mister suit and tie America, the organ in my chest.  Where the land of the free meets the land of the stressed.  The olive branch, no arrows…the eagle on our crest.  The syllogism symbolizes our freedom can be won!  Excited when united, let justice be done!  We can stop the killing and we can save the sun!  That power, that strength, but divided we end!  Let us lead by example and be The United States again!  We inspire every country when we bend the pretend!  With movies and music and the colors of our skin!  Everybody wants and Lord knows we want to win!  But can we just focus on US before we make another friend?  Can we be what we started, not be as we end?  The stars and stripes have meanings as the thirteen sons of sin, mixed with glory, passion, love, and revenge.  We are running around in circles therefore we are provoking the hate.  So, lets admit when we’re wrong and admit our mistakes.. . 	Freedom!  For Order!  To form a more perfect Union, establishing that Justice but we got lost in Pursuing.  Ensure tranquility…domestic and true, promoting general Welfare and the right thing to do.  Securing our blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, coping with tragedy with merit so merrily.  If we can make up the laws and change how we go.  We can cherish the minutes and never lose hope.  Then we can smile and take care of friends.  We have to be what we started at Mount Vernon again.  Without injustice or racists raising their hands.  If we can make love, we can make everyone stand.. . Through the trees of Patagonia to Buenos Aires by dawn,. Build houses through Chile to Lima so on,. Hike through the Andes and wash off in a pond,. Vibe through the tropics and raft the Amazon,. To the places we missed as we soak up the thrill,. Kiss a lover in Argentina; eat all through Brazil,. Columbia, Bolivia, Venezuela, we will…. And wake up in Guyana make a toast to the fun,. And have hope in our hearts and forever be one.. Then take on tomorrow and push through the pain,. Through the Strait of Gibraltar and hug the coast on to Spain,. Sip the wine all to Paris and show my respects to their loss,. Take ferries through Venice and touch every heart,. From Rome to Parma, no matter the cost,. Make Love, Not History-from the church to the mosque.. Top the hills on to Zurich to see peace where it’s calm,. Yell to Yugoslavia, “Let’s destroy all the bombs.”. Montenegro, Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia,. Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Romania…. Moldova, Ukraine, Latvia, Estonia,. Belarus, Poland, Slovenia, Lithuania,. From cities to countries to love and peace,. From Iceland to Norway to Sweden to Greece…. Albania, Austria, Czech Republic, I’m gone…. All through Germany, make love from Munich to Milan…. Where everything is beauty and beauty is hope…. Let’s come together without politics dividing our scope…. Walk barefooted to Finland despite the freezing or snow…. Tears of ice down my cheeks on to Russia let’s go…. To everyone I miss, know that I am only one man…. Take the pieces of peace and put us together again!. . Tastes of Tokyo to Sekisui through all Japan,. Kyoto to Osaka; Hiroshima-the land,. Bow heads with respect,. Firm shakes of business alas…. Understand the yesterdays, but move on from the past…. . Sail the Pacific to Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia…. Learn to teach their love to Australia and New Zealand…. The voyage back to Asia and touch her lips-heal scars…. Vietnam, Korea, Laos, Thailand, Bangladesh,. Walk the wall to China all in all-so impressed,. No amnesia will wash away all of the blood spilled on this dirt,. The last days of Israel they’ll rebuild the temple and church,. Break barriers back to Babylon where inertia is inert…. Remind the world that’s Iraq- let’s stop all the hurt…. Deter down Damascus -scream for Syria to change!. Let’s help all of our children…. Let’s rescue the days…. . Let’s plant seeds through Asia, make beauty from rain,. Let’s cultivate our future through empty gardens of pain,. Learn as we love and teach as we walk.. Listen to God and hear what we’re taught.. . Don’t be blinded by large numbers or alarmed by their troops,. Put flowers in barrels and stand as they shoot,. At the end of the day truculence will reduce,. Stoics still stand with their heart on the truth,. Praise God on forever without putting holes through the roof,. Substantive words succor the proof,. Make Love, Save Life!. Whatever you choose…. Reinvigorate today…. Starting with you…. . Through India, Thailand, China, Iran…. Turkey through all of Pakistan…. Lebanon, Syria, all the way to Nepal…. Sri Lanka, Kuwait, to amending the law…. Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan…. Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Yemen, Oman…. Georgia, Saudi Arabia, Azerbaijan…. Cyprus, Iraq-we stand…. To Jordan to Egypt then on to Sudan…. Ethiopia to Kenya to reaching new land…. South Africa, Rwanda, Congo, and Chad…. We have to lose what we hate to love what we have…. . Nigeria, Mali, Uganda, Guinea, Gabon and Ghana,. Cameroon, Eritrea, Gambia, Mauritania,. Malawi, Madagascar, Swaziland, Somalia…. Seychelles to Zimbabwe and Sierra Leone…. The Morocco, then Wales-touch the UK and then home,. With all of our faith and all of our bones…. On top of a rostrum know that you’re not alone…. . Kiss me I’m Irish, she knows that she’s hot.. No ring on my finger, give all that I got.. With all of my heart.  With all of my love.. We are the world, spread peace as a dove.. . So, put me on the radio,. squeeze the speakers-make them scream.. This million-dollar letter is not a California dream.. . It is true.  I’ve been blessed.. Although it’s not what it seems.. Patiently waiting for years in search for my queen.. All I need is a circle and a trustworthy team.. . I testify initiative, imponderable effort, and a promise not to be mean.. . To uphold all our dreams,. But carefully plan all our things.. Articulate people through similarities,. Instead of our difference in strings.. Let us sing for our friendship,. But take care of our peace.. Let us be grateful and help,. So that even the blind can see.. . I get visions of places that I’ve never seen.. I’d walk the whole world if I was given the lead.. But I don’t want power, I want beautiful trees.. Interpersonal actions.  And the cure for disease.. . A man of integrity and character,. Humbled down a road full of lies.. A man that’s learned too much,. To sit back and watch people die.. Even as I cry,. I embrace the tougher days of my eyes.. To recognize the devil,. When I see their disguise…. . Know that you see it first, a supernova so warm.. The same man false accused,. Used to keep a good woman warm.. . Those cheating and thieving and deceiving,. Do harm.. That lying, conniving,. That true false alarm.. . We are not in a barn.. We can do better than war.. . Don’t let society make you,. Not what you are.. . If you have love inside,. Then let it collide.. . I have seen many die,. But I have survived.. Pay attention through life and see your blessings as a sign.. To remind time as it ticks so we won’t have to rewind.. I wasn’t built I was born, a simple code in my spine.. A strophe, a trophy-a message divine.. I know the game is so cold, so make sure to bring ice.. The perfect storm is nearby.  So, make love and save life.. . 	I have suffered and been slandered, but I’ll always overcome trouble.  Because I have seen the rewards and it’s well worth the struggle.  Failure is not final, don’t indulge in the puddle.  Success is everlasting, just listen and hustle.  Nothing is easy without a goal and a plan.  Stay true to your heart, and not to demands.  If anyone hurts, trust me, I understand.  If everyone loves, then everyone can.. . 	I despise the free lunch. Because nothing is free.. Ripened fruit nearly withered,. Too far from its tree.. In every way there’s a lock,. Held back by its key.. We’re brought back to life,. Through a vine…. By a letter from me.. . . We can challenge together without violence and hurt.. But can we think as we do it,. And find ways to take action and work?. . If I can rhyme a small book,. We can deliberate a cause.. Maybe lock judges in dungeons,. To really show them the law.. . Because I believe in our futures,. Let’s enjoin our hatred in balls.. Throw them all in a casket,. Nailed shut-without pause.. . Teach our futures what’s what…. We can make it resolved…. Not teach our children enough…. But all…. . One can see ten talents, while nine of them hate.. Two can see visions, dressed in-there’s no time to waste.. Three can do miracles and let me free from this cage.. Four could start a movement until we’re loving in space.. . And keep in mind it’s not me, it’s fate…. If you feed a stray,. There’s only one place to dwell.. If you rough a puppy up,. They’ll take the fight somewhere else.. . But if you take that courage and bring it home,. And hone the bones of lust.. Take hope and put love into a meal,. To test a little trust.. . Let them go their separate ways,. And let love brush off the dust.. Then comes home a new friend,. Tail wagging…. That’s us…. . 	We must fix our broken homes.  What we think we know, we really don’t.  There are lies in the desert, while our heads are full of smoke.  What are really fallen angels, we see as UFOS.  What are false prophets, we see as men of hope.  Our youth is so damn smart, a book is viewed as a joke.  Listen, pay attention, we don’t have much time to grow.. . 	Computers read our minds, but they can never read out hearts.  They tell visions with televisions.  Wear jewels and brag and boast.. This isn’t what we are, but this is what we have become.  Pointing fingers to the stars, blaming everyone but one.. Stopping in a situation when you could help a ton.. What happens when the bombs stop?. What happens when we run?. . I’ve felt what happens next, we won’t having flying cars.  We will all receive a test, analyzing what we are.  Exacerbate.  Exaggerate.  Exonerate.  Confess.  Hide it all inside, forsaken by the rest.. . Is loyalty lost?  Buried deep within lost holes.  Connive and slide and improvise, using drugs to sell their soul.  Fame or fortune, this and that-whichever day it is.  When you lose everything, what would you tell your kids?  College students fight and snort and smoke and shoot everything but guns.  Doctors, lawyers, engineers break more laws than anyone.  Strippers dancing hastily, promoting sexy fun.  A minority that’s innocent is suspect number one.. . When times get hard, things get hard…life isn’t fair, and that’s no excuse.  Too much of anything, good or bad is still abuse.  What if you were that stray dog that has been damaged down your road?  What if you were my story and had vengeance in your bones?. Broken homes and broken hearts are neglected by the fake.. Jails are full of talent with more than plenty time to waste.. Sometimes time isn’t wasted, it is sharpened to be great.. Places nearly racist, too audacious to be safe.. . Welcome to my world of tasteless occasions by the crate.. Nations that are faceless are apt to lose their faith.. Sneak attacked by passions, too ambitious to ever wait.. Frustrated by irrelevant because there isn’t anybody straight.. . But love will never fade, take off days, or sail away.. Regardless of the mystery or anything we say.. We will be okay, and they hate but can’t take that away.. This is to everyone I love plus our forevers and a day.. . 	No more treachery or treason-just acceptance and delight.. 	No more hating for no reason-just patience and insight.. 	Just compassion, empathy, and love that never quits.. 	Just tranquility, integrity, and hope that never dies.. . 	Because love never quits and hope never dies.. 	Because love never quits and hope never dies.. . Don’t let your music get trapped inside and die.. Don’t forget the movement, we can change if we try.. But only if we try…. But only if we try…. Together…. Tonight…. . Fellow.. Rebels.. Fellow.. Friends.. Fellow.. Frienemies.. Far Away.. . We’re still within our grasps, let’s be optimists today.. The challenges sure can be tough, we’ve witnessed plenty pain.. Remember God has a plan, even as it rains.. . The sun still shines above as it does every day.. The rivers race accordingly as the oceans drink away.. The seeds germinate just as generous as life turns another page.. The plants grow to trees from the seeds of yesterday.. . But the fruit only bears what the vine bears as fruit.. Gathered up by twelve and it starts inside of you.. A garden of ideas mixed with tendencies to do.. Obstacles by fantasies that’s watching every move.. . They had to take our freedom to make our eyes finally see.. If it’s only for a moment… Make Love, Not History!. . Our natural temperament made once beauty now a scar.. Even when our scars are beautiful this isn’t what we are.. 	. Tycoons are chasing profits like a puppy chases car.. Lawyers chase an ambulance like a sniper spots its mark.. Quarterbacks seek glory while their receivers play their part.. Doctors tend to argue the true function of our hearts.. . Prosecutors convict large numbers and pretend they are a shark.. Artists act nonchalant when their beauty is their art.. Directors pick through everything and are quick to pull your card.. Pimps will feed girls anything just to get them naked in the dark.. . We are not supposed to be idols, we are to grace the world with our gifts.  The weakest link will break a chain, one man can sink a ship.  The rich get rich and confident premiered by power trips.  In retrospect, hope won’t die and love never quits.. . So, think about the people around the globe that never had.  We’re so petty with our meddling, so quick to get upset and mad.  We handle it with predicates and play off emotions of the sad.  We can’t ignore that open door or run from the past.. . If you are with me reading this, phoenix tears are probably true.  But we can only heal the wounds by being together when we move.  This terra incognita shows that certain minds confuse, but other heart come open-with God we’ll never lose!. . Those evil roots among us show why roses have their thorns.  The tears won’t last forever, but every cloud still holds its storm.  Things will get better, but it’ll take constant work.  Nothing good is easy, He made our temples from the dirt.. . Is my gift a gift or is my gift a curse?. Is my freedom priceless?. Condemnation sure does hurt…. . If you’re reading this encased by glass inside museums.. Know that it was made possible all due to making friends.. . If we let the devil creep and lie and change its skin.. If we let the devil hold our light-he’ll blind to win.. . If we keep our ifs and bottle them all in an errand’s time.. We’ll let our goals surpass our grasp and never walk the line.. We cannot change back time, so let us utilize our minds.. Educate our differences and understand the signs.. . Seek and ye shall find…. . Knowledge hidden through a ride…. . Regardless of obscurities we’ll always pick a side.. . I have witnessed eyes, peaking, switching, trying to hide.. . A wisp, an orb, a spirit, a notion-wizard wise.. . Trust me once, then trust me twice…. I can’t say I never lied…. . Déjá vu and all the vision…. . You can’t say I haven’t tried…. . I can’t surrender or give in to hocus-pocus.. So, just focus on the light.. I won’t hinder, but I will render.. Just focus on what’s right.. . I have seen an opportunity slip beyond a grasp.. I have seen futilities succeed within a mask.. I have seen the incompetent hired for a task.. I have seen intelligence die without a laugh.. . I have seen red carpets and lights at center stage.. I have seen a dungeon underground; I missed her face.. I have seen roses wither from being in the shade.. I have seen enough to always be afraid.. . I have seen knowledge increase along with grief.. I have seen sorrow, up all night and never sleep.. I have seen the mighty bow down to the weak.. I have seen love disappoint and history repeat.. . I have seen despair dispirit demons of decay.. I have seen winds snap trees and lemons made to lemonade.. I have seen destruction lurk and angels save the day.. I have seen a miracle come from a leader in a grave.. . I have seen my lovers hurt, lie, and cheat.. I have seen competitors misdirect, flash, and leave.. I have seen death and strangers die in my arms.. I have seen snakes deceived by their own natural charm.. . I have seen my brothers fade behind a cloud of sun.. I have seen fathers cry at things their children done.. I have seen mothers so proud to hug their oldest son.. I have seen God’s mercy when I was astray and couldn’t run.. . …but I have never seen a wife, a son, or a wedding day.. I have never established myself enough to satisfy my name.. I have never quit on myself or others.. I have made my way through all the grey.. . There are many things given and many we must take.. Let us bow our heads in tandem… let us pray!. . “May God bless our souls with each another day.  Forgive us for our faults and help us learn from our pain.  Understand the significance of blessings when they come.  Lord teach us how to love again, before we all are done.  With our destinies aligned all careful to repent.  All the leaders of the world make us give-in-to-the-pretend.  Lord let us reach our potential and help us see who we are.  Lift the curtains from our eyes and kiss us on our scars.  Lead us to the promise land and show us how to be.  Protect us from our friends and set us free!  From every difference or barrier because everybody grieves, everybody wants, and everybody needs.  Give us strength in a time when no one knows the key.  In the name of your Son I believe!”. . Listen to the mission,. It is more than recognition.. More than desperate measures;. More than merely living…. . 	Anyone with ears pay attention as you listen.. 	Trust in your intuition, be forgiven.. 	We all have a vision, in addition, we can mention,. 	The way we make decisions,. 	And the way we raise our children.. 	Let us make petitions for peace, an intervention.. 	Lead by example,. 	Stop the killing!. . 	We can ease the tension in other ways than being menaces.. 	We’re allowing penalties and lacking penance.. 	We can be frustrated but think our way through every sentence.. 	Can we stop our savage instincts before we’re ended?. 	. 	We’re opening doors for things we all could have prevented.. 	Rhyming for a minute, but we have the means to finish.. 	Militants aren’t meant to litigate by liquidating many.. 	We’re facilitating murder…stop forgetting!. . . 	It doesn’t matter if you’re white, yellow, red, brown, or black!. 	Stop letting our ignorance hold the children back!. 	. 	The content of our hearts doesn’t show.. 	If we divide by race in the road.. 	All lives can’t matter if we cope.. 	And neglect the black lives that we know.. . 	The shortest distance between two points is a line…. 	So, stop letting our hate stop our mind…. 	There’s no excuse to hide the truth behind…. 	Because we are much stronger all combined…. 	. 	We were not to master the art of tricks and lies…. 	We were meant to love again, and utilize our lives…. 	So, stop letting money stop our mind…. 	The shortest distance between two points is a line…. . 	Not too lazily, but with purpose.,. 	Starting at the hourglass.. . 	Can we stop the sands of surface?. 	Before our present meets the past?. . . 	We’re humbled down the path of danger,. 	Wearing our innocence like masks.. . 	As we try to cherish every minute,. 	And make every second last…. . 	When we see we’re more alike,. 	Then we’d ever took the time to know.. . 	We’ll see we must shape ourselves,. 	To be prepared to grow.. . 	Because if we don’t stand for something,. 	We’ll fall for anything.. . 	And if we fall for anything,. 	We’ll never reach our dream.. . 	Those same voices and choices,. 	Still travel faster than before.. . 	Arsenals and kinetics,. 	And depleted repertoires.. . 	Can make comedy a tragedy,. 	Or despair forevermore.. . 	What’s the point of using metaphors?. 	When we are the war.. . 	If we pour out our peace,. 	And abuse what we’re fighting for.. . 	Then freedom is jeopardized,. 	And that’ll spread to our core.. . 	But when we use correctly,. 	And expand our minds a little more.. . 	Our visions and love,. 	Always will endure.. . 	Against enormous armies,. 	And this I will ensure.. . 	Time devours all,. 	So, we must be true to our rapport.. . 	We must not remain neutral,. 	Because Hell is waiting for:. 	The ignorant to be ignored…. 	The map of heaven to be tore…. . 	The leader’s voices to be sore…. 	The truth to be as lore…. . 	Quote the Raven and the Eagle,. 	And the Owl, nevermore!. . 	We have to be as water and adjust…. 	Teach as we learn and adjust…. . 	Never too poetic, but enough…. 	Worry less, with a little more love…. . 	Beat ourselves at everything,. 	We used to do.. . 	Freeze time and inside,. 	Find you.. . 	Then educate the world,. 	And make moves.. . 	Knock on the Vatican,. 	And find truth.. . 	If you find this rhapsody or by fate it finds you.  Pass it to a friend and stop doing what we do.  The theologians will dissect it all and still find truth.  They’ll hear their heartbeat and smile, and maybe help too.. . 	It’ll take strategy to march and let our patience carry on.  And it’ll get frustrating when our friends are dead and gone.  As the rider of the white horse leads the vultures up above.  We must keep pushing further, and never quit on love.. . 	We’re destine to wage war to avenge and make peace.  Use the agendas to point fingers and retreat.  When there’s a break in a bottle, are we the only one to see?  Yet you never doubted once.  You always believed.. . Remember me and remember David beat the best.  So, carry on further and point your nose to the west.  We’re at the point of no return.  There will be a little more stress, a little more tear, and a little more test.  Be resilient and move intentional and be prepared for what awaits.  Because I love you true, and sometimes love does whatever it takes.. . And sometimes time reveals and erodes the days to dust.  Sometimes lines fade and the path remains with us.  Sometimes pain is temporary and sometimes it takes guts.  To keep sizing up evil, without having our love freeze up.  Sometimes life is mystical and sometimes we see Mars.  Sometimes we reach our dreams, and we have to pull up to the stars.  When we have it in our hands, we’ll still have love in our hearts.  And we will catch our blessings because God knows where we are…. . We’ve been through a lot together on this map, but we’ve never been together or rose from our past.  We’re too distracted by irrelevance and the things outside our grasp, procrastinating morality and it’s too late to hold fast.  But it is never too late to start new.  It is never too late to start helping others and let others help you.  It is never too late to expand understanding and make do.  Because once you have all of yourself, then you can help choose.. . 	Some testimonies have made it through Hell.  Tyrants will ask questions in wonder to see how we prevail.  Tyros will smile and set their rifles on shelves.  Neighbors might negate this, but it doesn’t matter if it sells.. . Sure, war turns profits and brings a balance to the world.  Sure, marijuana can be purchased as medication and be dispensed in a store.  Sure, casinos can dazzle and entice you into more…. So, let business be business and let war be war.  If we plan for peace, we have to know what we fight for.  And plant seeds for our children so they always live for more.. . We fall behind because we’re lacking last chances.  People make mistakes but aren’t given right answers.  All the critics toss a blurb as rappers rap verses.  Subliminally we’re cursed by a false hope purpose.  Poisoned by lies and a short-term bribe.  Living in debt without knowledge or know why.  Forced to spend more just to understand, just to lose it all-from the house to the land.. . People!  It’s time!  For US to take a stand!  Let us learn love and show that we can.  Let us be more and not give into demands.  Let us be as one and learn to hold hands.  Because as people we are different, and each deserves respect.  Each country has borders to serve and protect.  People share religions as some share pets.  So, let us keep love common, and not fret about regrets.  Sure, we have resources in imitable places.  Sure, we have bad apples and tasteless racists.  Sure, we have occasions where we’re not so gracious.  Sure, a lone flower can grow through the pavement.. . Anything is possible if we can make gangs, but we don’t need respect to come so strange.  If we can understand each other like we understand pain.  Then we can hold those accountable instead of point fingers and blame.  And make law fight the law, no matter whose name or fame.  Make examples and set examples for all that remain.  And forgive but let justice reign like rain.  As we kill cancel culture and change like change.. . It’s time for a revolution, we’re meant for more than a mere pawn game.  Let our knights be knights and let our love take aim.  We can share, we can trade, and make peace.  We can use science separately, not to cause grief.  We can plant more trees for our grandkids to see.  If we can trust each other with eyes closed, then “we can breathe.”  We can disarm weapons even with a fake smile.  We can just try to stop the killing for a while.  We can teach the police new skills instead of allowing them to do as they feel.   We can make reality just a little more real.  But it won’t be easy, and it won’t stop here.  I’m behind closed doors, but what I see is sincere.. . Through riots, fire, battle, gun shots, and bombs... Murder, rape, robbery, and the right to bear arms…  War, death, grit, pillage, and an unmanned farm…. Garnished wages, starvation, and a ransom for a bond…. Up and down economies and worldwide feat…  Natural disasters and a long losing streak…. Rubber stamped indictments, from the bottom of a valley to a peak…. Political lies, hiding truth as they speak…  We can’t turn the cheek when they prey on the weak…  Secret societies, lost souls, and lost troubled peers…  It’s cold when the wind blows…  Everybody’s fear…  Tattoos, gangbanging, sex/internet porn…  Credit scams, bounced checks, locusts in a swarm…  Sex trafficking savages, cannibals, and elites buying kids…. Corruption is what we get, and everybody’s pissed.. . I know we can believe and achieve.  I know we’re capable of more than making people bleed and making people cry and being so mean, looking to the sky and trashing daydreams.  If hope is alive and knowledge is our queen.  Then freedom is our libido, and ambition is our king.  Understand our strength resides within the means.  So, listen to your heart and harmonize our wings.. . We can be together, working hard with all our might.  We can wake the morning and reach the stars by tonight.  If Israel is invincible and Hebrew is still alive, then we don’t have much time to change, so make these words survive.  God will give us justice, forever written on my walls.  Believe what you wish, but He will deal with the law.  He is munificent, omnipotent, magnificent, and everything we touch… but all the pieces of peace start with us.. . Even though we’re used to violence and our movies portray poising literati, used to being used.  We are the people; therefore, we make the rules.  Don’t cause panic or adversity, it’s alright to be cool.  It’s alright to enjoy the finer things and be the best you.  But be mindful of the next man living out of shoes, eating out of garbage cans, searching for his roof.  Or the minorities seeking knowledge to overcome the dunes.  Or the poor little lady still cagily living in a room, sleeping under windows as the walls go boom, shopping at a corner store-street sweeping with her broom.  Lost in her head, leaving trails of stale perfume.. . Just think before you blink fast, and stare at the screen.  These things that you see are more real than they seem.  Don’t learn for yourself, learn as a team.  A goal without a plan is a dream… so bird by bird, one thing by thing.  Listen to your hearts.  Let them sing.. . Coexist as a human,. Not as a machine,. . We are superior,. Because we are supreme,. . We are the future,. We are the offspring,. . And together we’re better,. Because we’re on the same team,. . A new breed of thinkers but we have the same hearts,. So, use them and never lose your spark!. . . Everyone has their gifts,. But you are the art.. . So, let your story make your reach,. Make a mark…. . Sometimes all things seem unfair, but the song of a warrior can’t be silenced once it’s in the air.  The Change of Hearts will open up our instruments in pairs as we’re called up every stair, and the beautiful world will start to see that we care.. . Beautiful words put together with a tear…. Let us humanize humanity and listen when we hear…. . Know that all things are possible…. But we must face the mirror…. . And change as we start a new year…. . Usually less in necessary to win battles never won, but sometimes we invest in miracles to prove it can be done…. . …and in case whatever happens, and only one remembers me…just in case you steal my water, know you’re stealing from the sea…. . . . . . Per angusta ad augusta. Non sum quails eram. Poeta nascitur, non fit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 	. 	. . . . . 	. . 	. 	. 	. 	. . 	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 	. . . . . . . . Nil desperandum, omnia mutantur, nos etmutamur in illisEmbed