. [Intro: Women's choir]. We ain't so different now, are we. Very different, very different. Said the cop to the killer inside of me. I've heard your story boy, that shit gets old. We have the right to take your life so do just what you're told. We ain't so different now, are we. Very different, very different. Said the cop to the killer inside of me. I've heard your story boy, that shit gets old. We have the right to take your life so do just what you're told. [Verse 1]. “We ain’t so different now are we?”. Said the cop to the killer inside of me. “I’ve heard your story, boy, and that shit gets old. We’ve got the right to take your life, so do just what you’re told!”. He ain’t so big dick now, is he?. (Play the victim. Won’t play the victim). When compared to the heroin next to me. (She lives inside us all). I’ve read about those storied boys, what about real girls?. More than a wife or giver of life, those antiquated roles. . [Chorus]. Now, that everybody’s listening. Will you shout or shut your mouth again, closed mouths again. . [Verse 2]. “You gotta learn to accept disparity”. Said my mother to the fucker inside of me. “You’re no Guevara, boy, just a poor man’s Marx. Now I think you better take a step down off that cross.”. So- that shoe doesn’t fit you comfortably. (It don’t fit you, will never fit you). So you’re better off cutting off both your feet. (Bootstraps that bind us all). Cause if you try to stand up you might look too tall. The bigger they are the better view we get to watch them fall. You might also like[Bridge]. Ain’t no city like the one I’m from. That one time got me stressing. Hands up high praying I don’t get shot. Ha-ha, ha-ha, ha-ha. . [Chorus]. Now, that everybody’s listening. Will you shout or shut your mouth again, closed mouths again. I’m a shame, but you’re a saint. It’s hard to see when you don’t understand it at all. Now that everybody’s listening. Will you shout or shut your mouth again, closed mouths again. I’m a shame, but you’re a saint. Hard to think that you’d understand this at all. . [Bridge]. We don’t back away, we go that way now. (I never got it. I never ever got it). Who got shot today? What’s your body count?. (We’ll never get it. You know we won’t get it). We don’t back away, we go that way now. Who got shot today? What’s your body count?. . [Chorus]. Now, that everybody’s listening. Will you shout or shut your mouth again, closed mouths again. I’m a shame, but you’re a saint. It’s hard to see when you don’t understand it at all. Now that everybody’s listening. Will you shout or shut your mouth again, closed mouths again. I’m a shame, but you’re a saint. Hard to think that you’d understand this at all4Embed