. [Intro: Fish Scales]. Know today, I woke up this morning, and I said. You know, instead of waitin' on a good day. Waitin' around, through ups and downs, waitin' on somethin' to happen. I just said.... . [Chorus]. We're gonna have, we're gonna have, we're gonna have. We're gonna have a good day. And all my homies gonna ride today. And all these mommies look fly today. And all we wanna do is get by today. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And ain't nobody gotta cry today. 'Cause ain't nobody gonna die today. You can save that drama for another day. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. [Verse 1: Big V]. Hairline fresh, new cologne on. Feelin' so good, change the colors to my phone. Orange Kool-Aid go good with Patron. Oh no, hell no, boy is still my ring tone. Free car wash, had to clean up the Dodge. Give back when I can, just playin' my part. Church folks had a fish fry, mustard, hot sauce. Light bread and french fries, love for the big guy. Hit the park, boys showin' off their hops. Nappy Roots on the radio and you know it bop. Last night, hit the pick three, bought some Air Force Ones. Four tall tees, man I'm loving B.G.​. . [Chorus: Children Choir]. We're gonna have, we're gonna have, we're gonna have. We're gonna have a good day. And all my homies gonna ride today. And all these mommies look fly today. And all we wanna do is get by today. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And ain't nobody gotta cry today. 'Cause ain't nobody gonna die today. You can save that drama for another day. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. You might also like[Verse 2: Fish Scales]. And I ain't finna worry 'bout what nobody say. I'm still above ground, and that's the reason I pray. Got my car cleaned up, now I'm ready to play. Make a call to the sticks, say I'm headed their way. Heard my cousin cookin' out, I gotta get me a plate. Got this new outfit, ain't even out in the States. So if I ain't speakin' too soon, but this a hell of a day. And this sticky got me sittin' in a hell of a place. Got my stunna shades on and grin on my face. My new grill looks mean but I swear I'm straight. And the hood showin' love so I'm A-ok. . [Chorus: Children Choir]. We're gonna have, we're gonna have, we're gonna have. We're gonna have a good day. And all my homies gonna ride today. And all these mommies look fly today. And all we wanna do is get by today. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And ain't nobody gotta cry today. 'Cause ain't nobody gonna die today. You can save that drama for another day. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. [Verse 3: Skinny DeVille]. We might as well do exactly what the children sayin'. Take the day off, hit the park and just hang. Barbeque, roll a few, and put up your deuce. If it's beef, put down the piece down, throw up your dukes. It's time to change our ways so we can save the day. For the children's sake and make a better place to play. And if it's all good, break out your coop and grip your wood. And if you're ridin' dirty, light your spliff and blow your—. But do it real big, exactly like a player should. Enjoy your 24, do your thing and rep your hood. The world is all yours, but still we all grind. Forever and a day, the choice you make is really all fine. . [Chorus: Children Choir]. We're gonna have, we're gonna have, we're gonna have. We're gonna have a good day. And all my homies gonna ride today. And all these mommies look fly today. And all we wanna do is get by today. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And ain't nobody gotta cry today. 'Cause ain't nobody gonna die today. You can save that drama for another day. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And all my homies gonna ride today. And all these mommies look fly today. And all we wanna do is get by today. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. And ain't nobody gotta cry today. 'Cause ain't nobody gonna die today. You can save that drama for another day. Heyyy. We're gonna have a good day. . [Outro Skit]. (The heat and humidity is at an all time high, it is particularly cruel to anyone with heart or respiratory problems...). Come on man... Ah, Shit. Come on baby, come on, don't let me down, let me down, let me down, let me down. Damn! I don't need this today, I don't need this today!. Come on, got to be at work. Come on, Lord help me please, Lord help me please, please, please, please, please!15Embed