Fight of your life and for them, it's just another. Never throw shots while you living with your mother. That's some mad stress, that's her address. That's collateral, that's a bad mess. Don't poke the bear, you'll catch these hands. No games played, no poker here. No rewind, no freeze frame. Just focusing, I'm closing in whoever's got an issue. Bring whoever's got a problem, I'ma fuck ‘em all up with you. Must be twisted off of that yack, lifted off of  that rack. You must've missed the bit when I lit the bitch. And put this all on my back consistently and that's facts. [Pre-Chorus: Thelma Plum]. You don't wanna go there, you might not come back. I do not like you, you and I are not the same. Say what you want, what you want. What you want, won't say it to my face. . [Chorus: Briggs]. Yeah, I got the answer, anybody wanna call?. And I got the right if anybody wanna fall. And I'm going in if anybody want a war. So don't say a thing if you don't wanna go to war. And we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, I'm goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. . [Verse 2: Briggs]. Ooh, you thought you were killin' it?. Pass the torch? You couldn't carry the flame. Never speak my name, that's par for course. You couldn't light a cigarette. Ooh, you thought you was bigger than. All these doors I'm kickin' in?. All these tours, I'm gettin' it. All this snivellin', borin', talkin', bickerin', sickenin'. Man, I'm done with all this back and forth (Back and forth). Back to back, we back on tour, back on court (Back on court). And if I give the word if anybody wanna talk. Yeah, I give the word if anybody wanna talk (Wanna talk). Motherfuckers mad, I'm the nicest. Crosshairs, lock step, shit that I'm precise with. Yeah, I might trip (Ooh), who ya side with? (Ooh). It's the main event (Ooh), you a side kick. You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Thelma Plum]. I do not like you, you and I are not the same. Say what you want, what you want. What you want, won't say it to my face. . [Chorus: Briggs]. Yeah, I got the answer, anybody wanna call?. And I got the right if anybody wanna fall. And I'm going in if anybody want a war. So don't say a thing if you don't wanna go to war. And we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, I'm goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Yeah, we're goin', ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyEmbed