(Is that my water?). Baby. If I. Uh. . [Chorus: Smino]. I get the bands like The Roots. Black out all my thoughts, request the love, revenge the youth. Benz a coupe (Err), that bitch fast, how it's a Dodge?. Ice cream on the inside, Häagen Dazs, SRT, huh. [Verse 1: Smino]. She said, "I ain't never seen nothin' like this. In my motherfuckin' life, though". Dang, them some nice kicks. I don't know what them is, but I like those. Rap game star pupil, I wrote this shit with my eyes closed. Shawty say she workin' out to my tape, should’ve called it Tae Bo. Raise my shit, got range, I write with a rifle. Rightfully, keep LED like a light-show. I come from the Northside, do it for the Northside. That is not my bitch, ain't no strings tied (No). Gave her ass the boot like Louisiana. Cross over like hot sauce, ducking dodging pork chops. You is not a street nigga, grew up on the street, nigga. It's cool to be you, just take a look at me, nigga, ooh. . [Chorus: Smino & Saba]. I get the bands like The Roots. Black out all my thoughts, request the love, revenge the youth. Benz a coupe (Err), that bitch fast, how it's a Dodge?. Ice cream on the inside, Häagen Dazs, SRT (Err). I get the bands like The Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots. Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots. Benz a coupe, that bitch fast, how it's a Dodge?. Ice cream on the inside, Häagen Dazs (Ayy, bands). Ice cream (Ayy). You might also like[Verse 2: Saba]. I get the cake, tiramisu. Fake clout, got they hand out, nigga lookin' like a masseuse. I'm really ten toes down, yeah, it look like I'm in boots. One hand on the wheel, but I whip it, it feel like a ten to two (Ah). They killin' for tennis shoes. But the people dyin' out here for less though (For less). Meanwhile, them the same shoes. That the clubs said ain't the dress code (Ayy). You say you fresh though. I'm on the bread, I'm on the pesto, I'ma invest though. She feel the heart in it, then let me beat. It sound like a stethoscope. I get the bag like a Funkadelic. And that shit was easy like my name was Eric. And then I take your girl like a nigga Elvis. Make a couple dollars, split it with the fellas. Yeah, ice cream shoes, Ben & Jerry. Yeah, I'ma ice these fools, Tom & Jerry. I got pristine flows, bend and vary. Nigga, fourth and goal, Hail Mary (Ah). . [Chorus: Smino & Noname]. I get the bands like The Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots. Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots. Benz a coupe, that bitch fast, how it's a Dodge?. Ice cream on the inside, Häagen Dazs (Yeah, uh). Ice cream (Yeah). [Verse 3: Noname]. Oh Papi, you don't wanna fuck with me. Half a suicidal bitch might suck you up. Then dust the knees and hit the streets, rejoice a little. Grateful for my everything, his body's a casket. The lining cherry wood, the pussy turned him ashes to ashes. I dash it, I comma. I'm sucking dick 'cause black lives matter. I scatter roses on my metaphor 'cause the world shot Nipsey. When a girl got tipsy I went to Ben and Jerry. Got my berry on. Whole world steady crashin' and burnin'. Niggas just carry on, carry on. Cry cry, cry, get right back to the money. Then carry on, cry cry, cry, hop right back in the pussy. Oh, I wish he, I wish he would fuck me happy too. Lookin' at Ben or Jerry, hope one of my niggas comin' through. I hope one of these niggas comin' through3Embed