Fake (fake) records (records). Uh, uh, uh, 1-2, 1-2. Uh, uh, 1-2, 1-2, uh, uh. All my dogs. . [Chorus: dead prez]. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, uh. . [Verse 1: M-1]. One thing bout music when it hit you feel no pain. White folks say it controls your brain. I know better than that, that's game. Man, we ready for that. Two soldiers, head of the pack. Matter fact, who got the gat?. And where my army at?. Rather attack than not react. Back to beats, it don't reflect on how many records get sold. On sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll. Whether your project's put on hold. In the real world; these just people with ideas. They just like me and you when the smoke and camera disappear. Again the real world; it's bigger than all these fake-ass records. When poor folks got the millions and my woman's disrespected. If you check 1-2, my word of advice to you is just relax. Just do what you got to do; if that don't work then kick the facts. If you a fighter, rider, biter, flame-igniter, crowd-exciter. Or you wanna just get high then just say it. But then if you a liar-liar, pants on fire, wolf-crier, agent with a wire. I'm gon' know it when I play it. [Chorus: dead prez]. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, uh. . [Verse 2: stic.man]. Who shot Biggie Smalls, if we don't get them, they gon' get us all. I'm down for running up on them crackers in their city hall. We ride for y'all, all my dogs, stay real. Nigga don't think these record deals gon' feed your seeds and pay your bills. Because they not (Uh-uh). MC's get a little bit of love and think they hot. Talking bout how much money they got;. Nigga, all y'all records sound the same. I'm sick of that fake-thug-R&B-rap-scenario, all day on the radio. Same scenes in the video. Monotonous material. Y'all don't hear me though. These record labels slang our tapes like dope. You can be next in line and signed and still be writing rhymes and broke. You would rather have a Lexus or justice?. A dream or some substance?. A Bimmer, a necklace or freedom?. Still a nigga like me don't playa-hate, I just stay awake. This real hip-hop. And it don't stop 'til we get the po-po off the block. They call it.... You might also like[Chorus: dead prez]. Hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip. It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop. . [Outro: dead prez]. DP's got that crazy shit. We keep it crunker, John Blaze-in' shit (What?). DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunker. John Blaze-in' shit (What a nigga wanna do?). DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunker. John Blaze-in' shit (One two, one two). DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunker. John Blaze-in' shit. DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunker. They call it. Fake (fake) records (records)22Embed