All them-a talk, them beat back them words. All them-a talk, them beat back them words. All them-a talk, them beat back them words. All— All— A— All— All— A—. All them-a talk, them beat back them words. All them-a talk, them beat back them words (Yo, yeah). All them-a talk, them beat back them words (Yo, yeah). All— All— All— All—. . [Verse 1: Killer Mike & El-P]. The law defier, the non-complier, the death defier. The Mike Myers, murder rapper for hire. Doer of drive-byers, the back-back, clack-clack. Let it loose, murder all witnesses and survivors. That's a job completer, dependable contractor. The backhand wack rap slapper. Mr. Leather Bomber Taker, catch ya getting off the escalator. Run the Jewels smooth and don't trigger the undertaker. Ayy, as a teen lackin', I woulda ran me a supreme racket. I woulda took these lames' Supreme jackets. Until you rob a hypebeast, you ain't seen sadness. Clockwork Orange madness, left the scene laughin'. [Verse 2: El-P]. Ayy, we forever-ever, Jaimito y Michael de Render (Mhm). The pyrotechnicrats, the ol' razzle dazzlers (Right). The magic bean imbibers (Yes). The green giant of the rhyme contrivers (Yes). Supreme violence of the time describers (Yes). I'm the decider, you evil eyers. A pile driver provider for liars, the sleep depriver. The nick of time, mercy kill denier in my prime. I'll kill the mood, I'm a rudeness MacGyver. I'll slap a yapper from the acne to the tooth bone fiber, I'm liver. Thought crime designer, criminal minder. And I'm a born and bred in USA who chop and screw truth up. Think I got a case of the Mondays, on (Fire!). . [Interlude]. Mad. Mad. Mad. . [Verse 3: El-P]. Ayo, one for mayhem, two for mischief. Now aim for the drones in your zoning district (Woo). Hindenburg 'em (Woo), get 'em, burn 'em (Woo). Can't give the ghost up, no resistance. Pass that shit, Mike, I have to insist it. Reality sucks dick, how's that for wisdom? (Great). Lick the toad's back like, "Mmm, delicious". The time elves waved to me off in the distance (Hello?). Hey lil' guy, I'm just walkin' through. From another timeline where monsters eat truth. Physicists say the dough I get's proof. The multiverse lives, I'm supposed to just lose. The glass bottom tank I drive is all fueled. Gotta try to stay cool, honey bunny, don't move. Fuck shit glows in the hearts of the brutes. You hate Run The Jewels, you don't love the troops. You miss the point tryna act like shit's cool. Don't fuckin' tell doom your number's not due (Ayy). Every other goddamned year I'm brand new. It's been twenty plus years, you think that's a clue? (Huh?). Maybe this guy kinda kill what he do. He's prolly that dude, he left enough proof. Plenty of these goofs disappeared, poof. He's still the next big thing, gotta hurt, oof (I got). You might also like[Chorus: Z-Kicks & El-P]. Fire!. Fire! (L-l-l-l-lights, lights!). Fire!. More fire! (L-l-l-l-lights!). (I got). . [Verse 4: Killer Mike & El-P]. Ditch the payback, allow me to state that. All that forth-back, we don't play that. You want beef, bruh? You just state that. And we steak that, fry and bake that. One time in the big ol' south. Lived a lil' chubby kid with a big ol' mouth. Lame writers gave him big ol' doubts. Now the same lil' boy in a big ol' house. Look at him now, he in the big ol' cars. And the same folk hated pay big homage (Ayy). One minute, let me be candid. Used to stand by the garbage can hand to handin'. That dumb trap shit, no proper plannin'. Seen ignorant shit like geekers dancin'. And rappers rap about it like it's so romantic. But I still can't seem to escape the panic. PTSD, streets did the damage. Kept me in hammock, laid back with cannons. Get me fucked up, it be's calamity. I'ma come through and leave some damages. Goddamn, somebody call amberlamp. Or ambulanceses, out of chanceses. Fuck that weak shit you be bantering. You're a common cold and my flows are cancerous (I got). [Chorus: Z-Kicks & El-P]. Fire!. Fire! (L-l-l-l-lights, lights!). Fire!. ¡Más fuego! (L-l-l-l-lights!). (I got). . [Outro]. Take that, mugger, mother—6Embed