Wrist go tic with the platform case, when you're doin' this, six shots won't miss (Miss). They don't flex, they don't know what that is, man, take one guess, man, it looks like this (This). It feels like crisis, parkin' the whip, life is so dark when the windows tint (Tint). Know the clips, I now start on list, disorder flames, but just glow for this (This). . [Verse]. That video, don't hit "upload" (Upload). I have my tracks over the scene. Shinin' with NIGHTCRAWLERS, we have your mind always blowin' (Blowin', blowin', blowin'). 2020, the most lit year I've ever seen. And me tryin' to be the storm (Storm). We can't sign if don't offer me a mil'. Black and white, I want Two-Tone, red and blue, GATTI top (GATTI). Gеt that nigga, it cost me three just for the keys (Kеys). Thinkin' we pull up, Flames are the coolest (Coolest). Actin' tough lookin' unfazed (Unfazed). I-drip-or-is, icon on me (Icon on me). I wanna live somethin' fake (Fake). I wanna live somethin' fake, 'cause this real life (Real life). Don't wanna get worried 'bout relapse (Relapse). Breakin' my lungs, til can't breathe through the screenshots (Screenshots). Just stop, I'm so high on this ignite (Ignite). Ignite, just stop (Stop). Your niggas always losin', they don't know (They don't know). It's crazy when you said that shit it's chrome (That it's chrome). But that flame of disorder let you go (Let you go, let you go). Every piece I listen, old but gold (Gold). Life away, no comin' back for more (More). Took a chance, like hundred, it's a lot (A lot). But that flame of disorder let me go (Let me go). [Bridge]. Birkins and Shenenehs on the runway (Way). Crawlers coordinatin' gold on Sundays (Diamond). Crossin', learnin' how to flex in more ways (Flex). Drum gun, but the mythic, they just run, man (Mythic). Killin' with your feelings, you say, "Wrong name" (Wrong). Eliminate the carpets, of the four sales (Stock). Retail, never buy them, resale burn fakes (Laced). Me, boy with the legacy, let's hop in (Yep). . [Chorus]. Wrist go tic with the platform case, but when you're doin' this, six shots won't miss (Miss). They don't flex, they don't know what that is, man, take one guess, man, it looks like this (This). It feels like crisis, parkin' the whip, life is so dark when the windows tint (Tint). Know the clips, I now start on list, disorder flames, but just glow for this (This). Wrist go tic with the platform case, but when you're doin' this, six shots won't miss (Miss). They don't flex, they don't know what that is, man, take one guess, man, it looks like this (This). It feels like crisis, parkin' the whip, life is so dark when the windows tint (Tint). Know the clips, I now start on list, disorder flames, but just glow for this (This)You might also likeEmbed