Aight, aight, aight, y’all know who's in the house. Y’all know who's in the house. Yo, all y’all motherfuckers get the fuck away from the mic. Get the fuck away from the mic. You know what time it is. The Notorious Biggie Smalls in the house. Say word up, say word up. Word up for all the bitch-ass niggas. Yeah, they got Third Eye from the group holdin’ the house. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we got Naughty by Nature in the house. Yeah, we got them vile-ass Onyx niggas in the house. And it's about to be a big thing, too. Get down, nigga. [Verse 1: Vin Rock]. I wanna speak up on a beat down (Beat down). T-Dub's heating up the motherfucking streets now (Streets now). This time I break apart the only swollen phony ones. Who's home? Bony ones. Can't fuck with the only ones. Ask the rody, holy one. Ass whipped fast, slow ass, don't have, broke. Heard a nurse pulled a steel toe out your asshole. Even Apache's on your path, him and your punk ass boyfriend You're gangsta? We don't sweat your ass. . [Verse 2: Treach]. Who wants that smoke?. Just one minute, one nigga with one AM. Want some straight big shit. Like today was tomorrow yesterday. It ain't just your neighborhood I hold. So when I roll, there goes your whole motherfucking zip code. A real nigga coming up with the rumor. If I can't suck you later, then bitch fuck you sooner. I’m playing trooper like a party pooper. Shoot ya in the Timber boots, you got moles. From my nose to my skin super. . [Chorus: Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]. So you flip the shit, ayo you flip the shit. I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. No, no, you flip that shit, no, you flip this shit. But I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. Ayo, you flip that shit, nah, you flip that shit. I don’t want that shit, nigga, you flip the shit. Ayo, you flip the shit, nah, nah, nah, man, you flip that shit. I don’t want this shit, nigga, you flip that shit. You might also like[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]. All you niggas better leave the fuckin' state. No need to masturbate. Fuckin' with Biggie, it's time to castrate. It's clobberin’ time. When I rip rhymes, I quench thirsts like Very Fines. And I'm still thirsty, niggas wanna hurt the six-pack maniac. Tote TECs, and MACs, black. Check the stacks, what the fuck?. I throw uppercuts like Riddick Bowe. And I'm wicked with the slow flow, you know?. I'm pressing hard, I'm leaving creases. Cutting up bodies and talking to the pieces. It gets deep, kid, deep enough to touch the bone. Brooklyn's own Al Capone. Get stoned off the blunt when it's filled with the skunk. Get drunk and do a demolition to punk. And all chumps that scream that my shit don't thump. They catch lumps and bumps, I put the shaker in your rump. . [Chorus: Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]. Ayo, you flip that shit, no, you flip that shit. I don't want this shit, nigga, you flip that shit. No, you flip the shit, ayo, you flip that shit. I don't want this shit, nigga, you flip that shit. No, you flip that shit, no, you flip this shit. But I don’t want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. Ayo, you flip that shit, ho, you flip that shit. I don’t want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. [Verse 4: TROO-KULA & 3rd Eye]. Yeah, ayo special request, dig up in your chest. That's my nigga West (Yes), my Budacest motherfucking bee's nest. Big, watch you stick when I wink and I nod. 3rd Eye's raw, we'll take your life like God. For the glory of ya. Have you heard of this murderous gunslinger nigga swingin'?. I’m into bringing drama, run to mom-dukes. I smoke Buddha, I’m smokin’ the blunts of the skunk. And I get funky like manure. In the Bronx, swervin' mirrors in. Intelligent militant, that’ll lose 100 percent. Ayo, fuck your set 'cause that's nonsense. I keep bodies in the cemetery, let's make 'em conscious. And that nigga West is on a mission. Uh-oh, I don't be bullshitting. I'll stomp a mudhole in your butthole. I rip and I flip that quick like you should've let me get that. Man, I don't want it, take this shit back. . [Chorus: Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]. So you flip that shit, no, you flip that shit. I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip the shit. Ay, nigga, you flip that shit, nah, nah, you flip that shit. I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. Hey, you flip that shit, but I don't want that shit. I don't want that shit either, nigga, you flip that shit. No, you flip that shit, will you flip this shit?. But I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. . [Verse 5: Fredro Starr, Sonny Seeza, Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]. Ayo, gimme that shit you fuckin' bald-headed bastard. What, the evil nasty acid?. Yeah, the shit that burn they asses. So ashes to ashes?. Blast with the ghetto gas. And I'm going, niggas knowing. I'm showing my Razzamatazz-manian Devil rebel style. Niggas know we fuckin' wild. I'm wild, I'm wild, he's wild, so we's wild. So capture the rapture!. The black disaster. . [Verse 6: Sticky Fingaz & Fredro Starr]. I swear to fuckin' god I'll raise hell and make the white man call me master (Uh!). I'm 666 and need to repent to the pastor. So fuck the radio, they closed your ears but read my lips, I rips. And if you eat my words I'll leave you strung like um. (Um, Um). It was on the tip of my tongue. But now it's stuck between my throat, I can't breath for a lick. If Onyx ain’t the top pick, you must be suckin’ a glass dick. Just like his motherfuckin' mother. Yeah, she swallowed the babies. And you'll suck the motherfuckers that we biting, getting rabies. (Get ready!). . [Chorus: Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]. C'mon, man, you flip that shit, nah, you flip the shit. But I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip that shit. Ayo, you flip that shit, why, you flip that shit. I don't want that shit, nigga, you flip the shit. Ayo you flip that shit, nah, you flip that shit. But I don't want that shit, here, you flip that shit. Nigga, you flip the shit, but I don't want that shit. Nigga you flip the shit, you better flip this shit1Embed