[Emcee(s): Avatar the Articulate (AKA Avie Fresh)]. [Producer(s): Avie Fresh (AKA Avatar the Articulate) and One-Take]. [Vocals: Gabrielle Billie]. . [Intro: Nas Interview with Peter Rosenberg]. Nas: We died to get here, where we’re at.  This generation of hip hop, we’re making a stance, we’re saying what we gotta say.  We didn’t graduate Harvard, we didn’t graduate Princeton—nothing against them niggas. Peter Rosenberg: Never heard anyone refer to Princeton as that. Nas: Yeah, they niggas too.  They ignorant as fuck.  But we real niggas that made it and we’re, we’re set trends.  Niggas is tastemakers, whatever the fuck that means.  We’re that, we’re that and then some because we know what, what this generate.  We’re all one, man.  It don’t matter.  Black, white, Asian, Saudi, it don’t matter fucking what you are.  This generation, the wise ones, this is what it is. . [Verse 1: Avatar the Articulate (AKA Avie Fresh)]. Imagine getting baked in the States without the jakes taping. Your plates, no papers, just vapors, no waste. No smoke, no carcinogens, no chemical waste that companies. Put in tobacco, keep us strapped to the taste. No baseheads, no Feds, won’t be no crime ‘cause there’s no money. Holodecks simulate sex, so there’s no monkeys. No rape, no gas on interstates. Only solar power, showers go straight to toilet tanks. No doctors that misdiagnose just to bill. No frills, everybody chill, no Jong Ill. No nukes, no troops, no dictators to kill. No education gap crap that we instantly fill. No BPA in plastic, hard deals with no blue pills. No bills, there’s food for everyone, no reason to steal. That’s real.  It’s just some thoughts for your mind frame.  If I ruled. The world, no rappers would get plaques just to rhyme lame. [Hook: Gabrielle Billie and (Avatar the Articulate (AKA Avie Fresh))]. If I ruled the world. (Imagine that). I’d free all my sons. I love ‘em, love ‘em, baby. Black diamonds and pearls. (Could it be?  If you could be mine, we’d both shine). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today in these last days and times). . [Verse 2: Avatar the Articulate (AKA Avie Fresh)]. Yo, uh. Now if I ruled the world, I probably really wouldn’t rule it.  I would. Just lie back with a sack and mint julips, have it. All computed, citizens could choose what the future’s root is. It’s better than being controlled by a few that’s suited. Business decisions fucking up the system.  I’ll puff the izm. And hold my head.  When I’m dead, what up with my children?. Let’s make a better place for them to live in, no BP. And Exxon fucking up rivers and our fishing. Open your eyes to the lies histories told foul. When drug companies kill and never get no trial. Cars took alcohol ‘til Prohibition made us switch to oil. For fourteen years, and there’s the biggest trick of all. Make college free and all knowledge free, no virus. No violence.  Fuck all them old policies. I’d use science to remove the wool that keeps us people blinded. Talk only facts—if it’s not that, then keep quiet. Star Trek whips phase out the planes. Underwater trains powered by magnets kind of strange. It sounds foul, but every bank exec could go downtown. Lock ‘em up in Attica and feed children in Africa. You might also like[Hook: Gabrielle Billie and (Avatar the Articulate (AKA Avie Fresh))] (x3). If I ruled the world. (Imagine that). I’d free all my sons. I love ‘em, love ‘em, baby. Black diamonds and pearls. (Could it be?  If you could be mine, we’d both shine). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today in these last days and times)Embed