If I was black, probably wouldn't fuck with anyone who's white. 'Cause that slavery shit would honestly always be on my mind. If I was black, probably wouldn't ever wanna drive. 'Cause if police pull me over, I might fuck around and die. If I was black, I won't lie, I'd be scared to walk at night. The whole neighbourhood is trippin' like I'm out committin' crimes. I'd be pissed at all these cracker rappers singin' 'bout my life. Stole my music, stole my style, give it back, that shit is mine. If I was black, just look at the facts, we don't stand a chance. One in three is locked away, over half don't know they dad. See, white privilege ain't a money thing, but it's white people who are runnin' things. Y'all benefit from your colourin', my pigment produce sufferin'. It's all white pride, white power, white lies, white houses, white guys, whitewashin'. My brothers, my sisters, my culture while I'm watchin'. If I was black, I'd probably hate myself from shit they say. Racism made me racist and I am not the one to blame. [Pre-Chrous]. Ayy, y'all won't say it to my face; in the circles, you feel safe. Y'all been usin' words they made for us when we were slaves. Ayy, hey, wait, whoa, I know that was long ago. If I was black, I'd want my reparation money paid in full. . [Chorus]. If I was black, I'd say fuck the police. I'd say fuck the whole Klan, I'd put holes in they sheets. If I was black, I'd put gold on my teeth. So if you think I'm broke, you would know when I speak. If I was black, it's my face on a tee. R.I.P. underneath or my name next to "Free". If I was black, I would die in these streets. Just for speakin' my mind because I had a dream. If I was black. . [Verse 2]. If I was black, probably wouldn't ever do my taxes. Why support a government that persecute my blackness?. Or pay the wage of law enforcement puttin' us in caskets. Or help to build the prisons that we trapped in. If I was black, I'd be mad, people glorify the trap. While we dyin' every day fighting for everything we have. It ain't diamond chains and racks, this the systematic plan. They put us the in the ghetto, gave us HIV and crack. If I was black, I'd hate America, appropriate my character. And sell it to Caucasians who wish they were from my area. If I was black, I wouldn't give a fuck about the greater good. My grandma can't afford her rent, y'all gentrified our neighbourhood. All Lives Matter, so stupid, y'all hijackin' our movement. Black Lives Matter 'cause we losin' innocent youth to police shootin's. If I was black, the only role models I'm shown. Is the rich black rappers, pushin' guns and drugs and hoes, yeah. You might also like[Pre-Chrous]. Ayy, y'all won't say it to my face; in the circles, you feel safe. Y'all been usin' words they made for us when we were slaves. Ayy, hey, wait, whoa, I know that was long ago. If I was black, I'd want my reparation money paid in full. . [Chorus]. If I was black, I'd say fuck the police. I'd say fuck the whole Klan, I'd put holes in their sheets. If I was black, I'd put gold on my teeth. So if you think I'm broke, you would know when I speak. If I was black, it's my face on a tee. R.I.P. underneath or my name next to "Free". If I was black, I would die in these streets. Just for speakin' my mind because I had a dream. If I was black. . [Bridge]. You'd attack when I say it, I'm proud. 'Cause you mad that you ain't allowed. If I was black. Y'all ever try to take me down. One fist in the air, I would stay my ground. . [Chorus]. If I was black, I'd say fuck the police. I'd say fuck the whole Klan, I'd put holes in their sheets. If I was black, I'd put gold on my teeth. So if you think I'm broke, you would know when I speak. If I was black, it's my face on a tee. R.I.P. underneath or my name next to "Free". If I was black, I would die in these streets. Just for speakin' my mind because I had a dream. If I was blackEmbed