Yeah I was into New York hip hop, you gotta give props where props is due. They originated it. Anybody that doesn't believe that is trippin'. . [Verse 1]. Ayo the ass is fat, I'm about to grab a grip. Basic, nothing past the asics, plimsolls the outfit is ancient. Improper placement, escape the vape hits. With backwood slurping. While the back hood's jerking and the crack shit surfacing. Purpose in the worse of the dispersed as kid altering friends. We're strange. Who the fuck you gonna depend?. AZ and Nas, Jay-Z and Cauz. Maybe I'm crazy and beyline is flawed. Put the mascara on baby your scars. I ain't been a good nigga since the momma got buried. And the bitch I was with fucked my nigga then scurried - it's blurry. Between me and the casket after the burial. I'm watching Rico do vert flips and aerials. Ariel the mermaid is a scary hoe. [Hook]. Snap snap clap. Three hits back. I'm drunker than Jackie. With a fist in his back. . [Verse 2]. Two knives for each wielder. Come on, nigga get your skills up. Climbing up the mountain proportioned as my body. I'm contortion-ed and I'll probably. Speak a language of the driven when I thrive through persistence. This rhyme shit is given. Addiction. Prescribed a prescription of diction. Escape my existence through the sake of resistance. Seems she's got a man. But your man can never be the beast that I am. God damn. . This the broke dude that work next door. But can you please donate some sex to the poor?. One day we'll be driving in them crazy whips. I ain't gonna be working this grave-shift 'til I'm 86. I ain't gonna be pushing this broom. I ain't gonna be staying in my friend room. There's only one bedroom that I call my lair. We was VIP, Very Imaginary Players. You see why we smoke our weed. You never let the rumors come between you and me. And that's good lookin'. Plus you're good lookin'. Plus the hood lookin'. So hold me down like B.I.G. held Brooklyn. You might also like[Sample: As Good as It Gets]. Helen: You're gonna die soon with that diet, you know that?. Melvin: Oh we're all gonna die soon, I will, you will, and it sure sounds like your son will. Helen: If you ever mention my son again, you will never be able to eat here again, do you understand?. Give me some sign you understand or leave now. Do you understand me, you crazy fuck?Embed