The one and only Playa Rabbit. Playa's Dream E.N.T. Funkytown Hold it down. I represent the Great state of Texas. Let's Get It!. . [Chorus]. 2x. I'm So Playa you don't wanna Fuck wit it. Already Major Don't stop get it, get it. I'm So Playa, I'm so cool, I'm so cold. I go get it, I don't split it, I Don't fold. [Verse 1: Playa Rabbit]. Silver Surfing the block, rock crushing on rims. I see beautiful ladies cheesing and waving at him. Shout them boys sipping purp,  on my grind wit no chirp. I'm a Boss on the grind, and I'm claiming my earth. I'm the man on the scene, ain't no need to pretend. Fuck crooked cops, Bitches mayne I hope you can swim. See I grind for top spots, my crew I call shots. All the ladies they down, real niggas in my flock. I blocka blocka the hater dropper do bumble be shots. Magnum condoms in condominiums. Winning the lot. Earn the dough through the burner phone. Nigga that's why I'm hot, balls so big I bowl wit em. She can trip on my cock. I'm so focused on the money 'til i burn it up quick. I'm so cold i'm infecting hater, Bet I make y'all sick. One thang about Texas Playas  Homie we don't trick. I need a Billion fans on Playarabbit dot biz Huh!. . [Chorus 2x]. [Verse 2: Playa Rabbit]. I went from broke to major, I'm choking haters so playa. See in the underground we get down if you wanna be major. Usually 52 bars, I'm a star y'all know me well. Call me fake in high school, now its you got mail. Shout to them niggas that lost that lost they job. Be hustlin everyday. Baby momma be fussin and cussin but bills gotta stay paid. See we all gotta boss is just what i do. Who's the Boss niggas ask, they ain't talkin about you. Have my niggas get like Twitter trust they will follow you. She's a damn dance machine, wanna Fuck? me too. Hop on stage at my shows because she plans to mentioned. I go get it hashtag # still winning. Connecting like all networks like AT & T. See I grind like I do, play the hand dealt for me. I an't perfect and Gods working. I ain't found success by myself. I love plucking her G string  mags help Huh!. You might also like[Chorus 2x]. . [Verse 3: Playa Rabbit]. . Ride the block with my 45, see I can save 40 lives. Mean the way i lean, young nigga wit a money mind. Baby say she want me live, better make sure you sure. Cause when you Fucking with a Playa its 100 % pure. I got you hooked on my mobile plan. I go nationwide. I got a Fuck the world swagger. And we fucking tonight. Gotta excuse my nature, I don't beat round the bush. You need bifocales to see me, and  baby yes you should look. It's a Playa occasion, babygirl who you be wit. We can discuss plans later, like victoria secret. Bring ya friends cause my homies need some company tonight. Another show, stay on the go. Get this money so right. You become a lost memory, call it a hangover. From track to track tonight call it a changeover. And you Vegas tonight Playa money non folder. A Funkytown Rapper, you lost the Game Over!Embed