May 25, 2020. Rest in peace George Floyd. To the people. Who haven't yet heard of the aggression. 3 policemen. Murdered an African American. . [Verse 1]. Floyd was handcuffed and on the ground. While a white cop had his knee bound to his neck. On the scene, two other cops help out. They pin down Floyd’s back as he blacks out. Losing sight of life, roaring for a breath out. All 3 cops without empathy, viciously. Watched his death, as his neck compressed. And then… cardiac arrest. [Hook]. Racism is a cultural virus, let's admit it. We were raised infected, like a drug: injected. Change is needed so all races can feel protected. Let's protest, until no one is rejected!. . [Verse 2]. All fifty states protested. Honoring a name on the streets with peace. To seek justice, and change the malpractice of police. This ain’t defeat, it's less aggression. Like a bird when its stirred into oppression. Rioters riot to be heard, but it's absurd. When family owned stores are looted, set aflame, and destroyed. Under the name George Floyd, it's despicable!. . [Hook]. Racism is a cultural virus, let's admit it. We were raised infected, like a drug: injected. Change is needed so all races can feel protected. Let's protest, until no one is rejected!. . [Verse 3]. Call the cops, It's a robbery!. Donald Trump attempts to steal Floyd's memory. What a type of mockery, To say on his behalf:. “This is a great day” Is plain insanity. This ain’t politics, it’s humanity. Your words are corrupted, fucked up!. Mind my profanity, oh I'm sorry. I see you hid, did you call the military?. You might also like[Hook]. Racism is a cultural virus, let’s admit it. We were raised infected, like a drug: injected. Change is needed so all races can feel protected. Let's protest, until no one is rejected!. . [Verse 4]. I get you police, your days are gloomy all you see is ugly. But you have to see the beauty in people, as that's your duty. Not to step on the necks of the people you swore to protect. We are quick to spread blame and shame anyone. But what do you expect when we hear the same story?. Unarmed, not a gun or a knife. Yet you felt it right. To end a life!. . [Hook]. Racism is a cultural virus, let's admit it. We were raised infected, like a drug: injected. Change is needed so all races can feel protected. Let’s protest, until no one is rejected!. . [Outro]. In 2020 this racism is embarrassing. It's slammed right in our sight, rammed in our face. You cannot deny its existence. It's worldwide, don't mind the distance. For instance, global protests are happening in assistance. But remember, an eye for an eye. Makes the world blind. So let's keep it peaceful. We all bleed the same color!Embed