It’s a shame that one day. You’ll be famous my nigga (My nigga). And you can’t reap the benefits. Cuz you’ll be in the grave my nigga (My nigga). Black Bodies be on the camera when they die. The shooter got no answers and it’s fine. Everything will matter but my life. Repost my death for 30 days and nights. . [Verse 1]. I was five years old when I told I got two strikes. Being black and I was poor it felt like a war so I had to fight. Televise my death, fuck 12 watch my demons bite. They say don’t resist arrest or they claim you did suicide. I don’t wanna see a picture of nigga getting slaughtered. I don’t wanna see a mama crying cuz the cops shot him. I don’t wanna see a father have to lay down his daughter. I don’t wanna see a cracker share my death for the profit. I feel like Huey in this bitch, I’ll attack when I’m bothered. They hit lick on my nigga, now a child lost his father. Black Lives Matter till I battered crip for touching my cousin. They might give me ten years. I’m gang banging with the homies, robbing niggas who owe me. My mama taught me better, but the streets my professor. Southside or no side, so what side is you repping?. Got these bullets poppin off now you niggas two stepin’. [Verse 2]. My mama at my funeral screaming god oh why. You know 12 was hitting licks when they did the drive by. They pulled up set tripping I tried to run out of sight. Then they emptied clips in my back made sure I ain’t survive. I never lived life, I’m destined for homicide. I never got blessed, like them men in the white. My mama fell to debt cuz a real nigga died. Somebody will protest till they make up they mind. And it’s the same all the time, they barely give that man time. My mama broke down and cried, my cousin so damn frustrated. Black children are a menace, they don’t get to have visions. And If you niggas act-up, don’t be surprise when we kill you. Don’t be surprised if we end you, don’t be surprised if we grieve you. Don’t be surprised if we shoot you, don’t be surprised if we beat you. And we get it life ain’t fair but boy that ain’t my issue. You died and that is that,  in 30 days we’ll forget you. Insignificant you’re dark matter and you have no real purpose. I’ll post your death on the internet so they know that you’re worthless. Insignificant you’re dark matter and you have no real purpose. I’ll post your death on the internet so they know that you’re worthless. . You don’t give a fuck let’s be honest nigga. She died fighting for us, then you went and killed her. We don’t say her name enough, now the story hidden. And she was one of us, but I’m divisive nigga?. You might also likeI’ve decided nigga. . [Chorus]. Say her name, say her name. Oluwatoyin Salau (it’s cuz of you). Say her name, say her name. Breonna Taylor. Say her name, say her name. Oluwatoyin Salau. Say her name, say her name. Somebody gotta shoot. . [Verse 3]. Aye, Aye. . I don’t see nobody saying shit about her about her body unless. It’s tits and pussy popping, on a gram where niggas stalking. Posted comments, way too often, judging how she make a profit. Talking gossip, let’s be honest most you niggas lack the knowledge. . It ain’t hard to find the info, some you niggas be some weirdos. Oh you read well nigga kudos, yet yo homie used rape girls. Ain’t shit under the table, I’ma let this horn blow. Mya died under someone payroll, pigs get dollars when they unload. . So, Ima cop a pistol and I hope it ain’t issue. Y’all should give me life, cuz when I’m strapped I’m pushing issue. How she fighting for our lives and niggas take that shit for granted. She was killed by some niggas misogyny hates her complexion. Breonna Taylor had no injuries, ain’t this a bitch. She was shot 8 times, yet the case got dismissed. Burn the mother fucking prescient, they killing woman and kids. They just lynched a little nigga, and tried to frame it on him. . [Chorus]. Say her name, say her name. Oluwatoyin Salau. Say her name, say her name. Breonna Taylor. Say her name, say her name. Oluwatoyin Salau. Say her name, say her name. Somebody gotta shoot. . [Verse 4]. I never fucked with the nation I know them niggas killed Malcolm. Farrakhan steady bitching saying black women the problem. That why I don’t have no prophets, just my niggas in stockton. And if you touch my homegirl give me life cuz we got him. . Give me life cuz I shot him, my skin black that a problem. I react with a chopper, fuck the peace we don't want it. I ain’t begging for for freedom, fuck the reform that offered. I want all the pigs dead, shit I’ll pay for their coffins. . Skinfolk ain’t ya kinfolk, I’m Malcolm X at window. Slave catchers turned to Popo, the chain us up in big doors. Blur me in them new photos, you white girls love the promo. How the fuck you getting clout about a nigga dying that’s a no no. . If you want to help close yo phone and open wallets. I’ma bring you hell if 12 is nothing but abolished. Wish my ass farewell, cuz they might use this shit in court. When my body turn up missing, and you see aEmbed