Haters be like “b-ois shit weak”. Fuck you if you agree. . [Verse 1: 51mon]. Say you the best but you pointin' at me. Say I’m the best well I guess I agree. Talkin' bout' the B-ois it don't vary. Want some Grammy nominees. We gon' get one guarantee. Just a rap group wannabe. So cold it’s 51 degrees. Fuck ya A’s we makin B’s. Don't mess with us we legendary. Put you in a cemetery. Nobody that's temporary. That ain’t lean that’s sprite cranberry. Snatch yo girl so we can marry. God was born in January. We came back in february. B-ois revolutionary. Rappin fast lightning McQueen. Verses dry need some versealine. Won’t stop till we get that mother fucking green. Won't stop till I see holes through his fucking spleen. Fuckin' none stop when I was only fifteen. Lookin at the news and I was lookin at me. Now it's the crime that's implanted in my design. But i'm just tryna make the beats match the rhymes. Like how the keys match the limes. Like how the streets master crimes. Like how we waste a lifetime. Pretend to be on a grind. Learn how to relax rewind. Wish I could go back in time. Fast forward what would I find. See the day when I get signed. See my impacts on mankind. See my family with some dimes. Only one thing on my mind. Will I fall off or will I let it shine. [Verse 2: Este]. They can shine but we brighter. They can rhyme but we fire. We kill emcees with these lines. We are now they ghostwriters. I’m talking shit that inspires. You talking shit that expires. When are fans yellin “Go!”. That signals us to go higher. That the show must go on. Go with your flow 'cause it’s strong. Go on the road and show these niggas that they been in the wrong. For so long, subpar songs. They careers mistakin’ off. Off the top, the great fall. They ungrateful to they gods. We forgave, then forgot. We make dat rap dat don't rot. In your lane, in your brain. We here to stay and invade. I'll keep the maybachs and repay back people dat I betrayed. In the name, of my mom. Of my dad, unborn sons. R.I.P to my dad’s mom. “Do your best, EST stay strong”. ‘swhat she said in my prayers, and I tend to agree. Universe’s the limit, but these hooks what they feed. Off, vanity’s got the worst of me but the rest filled with heat. On with your head noddin’ along to this knockin-knock beat. Y’all say the boys will be boys, but not when it comes to b. -ois, search for fame then we destroy. They be speaking the decoy, b-ois living the truth. B-ois hope dat you enjoy cuz this shit for the youth. Y'all niggas holding your fire whenever you in the booth. And I be holding the line up at your lady’s kissing booth. Also our shit is for free, us giants work for no fee. Dumb niggas spittin dat fum, soundin like bubblegum speech. Member our shit is for free, us giants work for no fee. Freed from da lills of da world, fuck you if you disagree. You might also like[Verse 3: Nino]. How could you disagree. We worked hard for quality. Endless possibilities. Got no similarities. Got flat top on all my tees. Got these opportunities. We starting shit so follow me. We'll open doors we got the keys. I'm gonna pay off all my fees. And after that I'll give a fuck. Won't mess around won't run amok. I'm scared I'll fail I got no luck. But in the end we'll go and make it. I can't fake it. We're going crazy so then maybe. Anthony will go and rate me. Then I won’t wait. Till it’s too late. I’ll miss my moment to fine tune with all the rappers that I don’t hate. What if I become successful. And have all my friends and fam full. But have the fans saying that's bull. And still have girls give me anal. What am I supposed to do. How am I supposed to be new. And have all the things that I want. When the fans still act like a cunt. Talking shit about these b-ois. We won't fall for all these decoys. If you go and hate on me. Then fuck you if you agree. [Hook]. Bitches be like “b-ois shit weak”. Fuck you if you agree. Faggots be like b-ois shit weak. Fuck you if you agree. Crackers be like b-ois shit weak. Fuck you if you agree. Chiggers be like b-ois shit weak. Fuck you if you agree. Niggers be like b-ois shit weak. Fuck you if you agreeEmbed