That splash against my hollow bones, that rocks my soul. Looking back over my false dreams, that I once knew. Wondering why my dreams never came true. . Is it because I'm black?. Somebody tell me, what can I do. Something is holding me back. Is it because I'm black?. In this world of no pity. I was raised in the ghetto of the city. Momma, she works so hard. To earn every penny. Something is holding me back. Is it because I'm black?. Like a child stealing candy for the first time, and got caught. Thiefing around life's corner somewhere I got lost. Something is holding me back. I wonder, is it because I'm black?. Somebody tell me what can I do. Will I survive, or will I die?. . You keep on holding me back. You keep on holding on. You keep on picking on me. You keep on holding me back. You keep on holding on. You keep on holding on. You're holding me back. I wonder why, you do me like that. But you keep on holding me back. You keep on putting your foot on me. But I, I've got to break away. Somehow and someday. 'Cause I wanna be somebody so bad, so bad. I wanna be somebody, I wanna be somebody so bad. You see, I want diamond rings and things, like you do. And I wanna drive Cadillac cars. I wanna be somebody so bad. But you keep on putting your foot on me. And I, I believe, I believe I can break away. And be somebody, somehow, and someway. You might also likeYa see, I heard somebody say one time. You can make it, if you try. And some of us, we tried so hard, we tried so hard. I want you to know that I don't speak for myself. But I speak for y'all too right now. Ya see, if you have white-like brown skin and a high yeller. You're still black. So we all got to stick together right now. This I wanna say to you my sisters and my brothers. Right on sister. Right on brother. . Dig this:. And we keep on pushing down. We've got to make it a little bit further. We've got to make it a little further. All we got to do is try, try, try. And some of us, we've tried so hard. We've tried so hard, we've tried so hard. We've tried so hard, so hard to be somebody. We've tried so hard, although, they're holding us back. And it stairs the reason, that they're doing us like that. You know what? It is. I believe, it is because we are black. But hey, we can't stop now, we can't stop now. We've got to keep on, keep on, keep on, keeping on. We've got to keep on keeping on. I know and I know and I know that you know that I know it ain't right. Oh, it ain't right, it ain't right, it ain't right. That they hold us, hold us, hold us back. They're holding us back, they're holding us back. I wonder, sometimes I sit down, sit down and I wonder2Embed