So i come to you with this song. . En 1810 con el gran grito de pasion. Se llevantaron con razon. Black and brown fighting together, on a day ill always remember. . En el 5 de Mayo con el grito de gallo. Black, white and Brown bleeding together, on a day ill always remember. . Cause really, it hasn’t been that long. So just in case Kat Williams has you guessin’. Let me kick yall down with a little hystory lesson. In the 19th Century, while the US promoted degradation, annihilation with its military and US navy. Mexico was getting rid of the caste system, voted for its 1st indigenous President, even getting rid of Legalized Slavery. . The Underground Railroad also ran south. Which led Black folx to freedom. With Mexico right there, to recieve them. . In 1910 it was Mexican men, with Pancho Villa and Zapata. Fighting for Tierra, Libertad y Techo. With Adelitas on the Front Lines with Bullets across their pecho. . In the Year 1946, it was the Mendez that fought against segregation in schools. Cause before that, they treated us like foolz. Pushing us out into Gangs, Wars and Drugs. And then get they get pissed off at US!. When we become Crips and Bloods. Traviesos, zoot suiters, pachuchos, folkloristas, punks, bomberas. Jaraneras in the heat, jaraneros with a bomb ass beat. Talking about what’s really going on in the streets. . In the 60’s in the streets of Oakland California, Black Panthers organized for Answers. Young Lords in New York fought against wars. The Stonewall Rebellion remained true to the rights of the LGBTQ. A.I.M who was down with Native Rights with no shame in their game. Brown Berets in LA learning how to fight, and doing what’s right. In the Campos of California, Fillipinos were the 1st ones to lay down the Boycott. Screaming in Solidarity, ISANG Bk SAK!. One Rise, One Fall, You come for one, you come for all!. You might also likeAnd today, Arizona and Alabama don’t play. Carving out Racist laws like its make out of clay. . I stand with Emmitt, Trayvon, Oscar, and Bell. With my mentor, Mumia up in the cell. Telling you id rather be blind that to stay quiet on a day where my people are hunt down like prey. . Cause my ability to breathe is directly connected to my ability to see. That its not about me, never was, never will be. Its about ‘WE’. It’s Time to Move Ya’ll. It’s Movement Time!Embed