All I want, all I need. I just want the truth, I just want the truth. All I want, all I need. Is to focus on you, is to focus on you. All I want. . [Verse 1: Propaganda]. We thought they would take us serious. And would listen if we ain't furious. So we painted our picket signs. And we blessed the due process. And we learned the Constitution. And believed in the Bill of Rights. And learned our country's history. Like you, we stood against that tyranny. And survived the three-fifths compromise. Only to sharecrop and then Jim Crow. And then red lines and we figured it was high time. So we organized two by two because we desired service. We were nervous. But we deserved to be treated like we were citizens. And survived them fire hydrants. And the wild dogs and crooked laws. Only to get smacked with that war on drugs and crack attack. But we believed you, made our hashtags and you mocked us. But we broke our necks just to hold our chins up. And them anti-gang rallies, they lifted our consciousness up. But it feel like this ain't real life. And my American skin won't let me win. And I'm so tired and I ain't tryna scare you. But I looked to the sky like "Grandmama I think I failed you". [Hook: Courtney Orlando]. All I want, all I need. I just want the truth, I just want the truth. All I want, all I need. Is to focus on you, is to focus on you. All I want. . [Verse 2: Propaganda]. And we thought we could be taken serious. Be all we could be, a rifle and a GI bill. Army first to desegregate. Could stand with your countrymen. Brothers in arms 'cause you got no qualms. We equal rights is that napalm. And the Marine Corps landed them poor black men out in Berlin. And they couldn't help but notice the striking resemblance. Between these Jewish ghettos and the one in they own Chicago. How a man 'posed to gun tote for a country that don't let him vote?. Or take down a dictator doing the same thing his own POTUS do. That riddle alone would ruin your psyche too. And that nitro tricycling, it got him biting five vicodins. It's a shame the Cold War vets ain't get no ticker tape parades. Maybe that's why they alcoholic. Maybe that's why he womanizing. Maybe I can forgive my dad for all the years he kept lying. You might also like[Hook: Courtney Orlando]. All I want, all I need. I just want the truth, I just want the truth. All I want, all I need. Is to focus on you, is to focus on you. All I want. . [Verse 3: Propaganda]. Let me tell you what you ain't try. You ain't try taking into consideration. That even if change came, you'd still be the same Jason. Lame Jason, still struggling with patience. And collecting objects and projects and protests, you ain't try. You ain't try listening, history a proven track record. No evil has ever gone unpunished. And kingdoms come and go and thrones get thrown to oblivion. And I am not at all shook in any way by Satan. And you ain't try realizing what you are really running from. And what you are really fighting for. It's a frightening indictment. That even if all these world problems are solved. It still wouldn't resolve what you are actually looking for. And it's not like these problems, they don't need to be addressed. But fixing systemic issues, it ain't the source of your rest. Or satisfaction, and I know it's your life's work. But the work of a man's hands, it has never quenched his thirst. You say I'm King of kings but son, I don't get it how. You could trust me for eternity but can't trust me for now. Hoping in a broken system to fix what's broken in us. It's not working, is it?1Embed