That's great. It starts with an earthquake, birds and snakes. An aeroplane. Lenny Bruce is not afraid. Eye of a hurricane, listen to yourself churn. World serves its own needs, don't misserve your own needs. Feed it off an aux, speak, grunt, no, strength. The ladder starts to clatter with fear fight, down, height. Wire in a fire, representing seven games. And a government for hire and a combat site. Left of west and coming in a hurry with the Furies. Breathing down your neck. Team by team, reporters baffled, trumped, tethered, cropped. Look at that low playing, fine, then. Uh-oh, overflow, population, common food. But it'll do, save yourself, serve yourself.. World serves its own needs, listen to your heart bleed. Dummy with the rapture and the revered in the right, right. You vitriolic, patriotic, slam fight, bright light. Feeling pretty psyched. [Chorus]. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it. And I feel fine. [Verse 2]. Six o'clock, TV hour, don't get caught in foreign tower. Slash and burn, return, listen to yourself churn. Lock him in uniform, book burning, blood letting. Every motive escalate, automotive incinerate. Light a candle, light a votive, step down, step down. Watch your heel crush, crushed, uh-oh, this means. No fear, cavalier renegade steer clear. A tournament, a tournament, a tournament of lies. Offer me solutions, offer me alternatives. And I decline. . [Chorus]. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine (I feel fine). . [Instrumental Break]. You might also like[Chorus]. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine. . [Verse 3]. The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide. Mountains sit in a line, Leonard Bernstein. Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce and Lester Bangs. Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, vermouth. You symbiotic, patriotic, slam but neck. Right? Right. . [Chorus]. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine. . [Bridge]. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine. [Chorus]. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine. . [Outro]. It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). It's the end of the world as we know it (It's time I had some time alone). And I feel fine28Embed