Everybody’s crazy, everyone is crazy. Everybody’s nuts, everyone is psycho. Everybody’s maniacs, everyone‘s insane. We are basket cases, we are all berserk. We are off our rockers, we’re out of our minds. Everybody’s loony, we are 7:30. Not excluding you, but including me. [Accent] I still collect toys, and read many comic books. And play these video games, I just miss my childhood. But is it gone for good, guess I’m a young adult, or. An older kid, whose born and then I’m close to death, the opposite, don’t think. Why would I love a person who brings so much hurt in?. Who left me ‘cause she was searching, and thus did her thing. Still I let her in but just get frantic. Was their sex really worth this? Am I the last romantic?. I am really cocky but also insecure. Sometimes I am modest but then I’ll show off some more. Is it awesome or have I just lost my marbles?. A contradiction, consciousness-less, oxy-moronic is, don’t think. I don’t want to be a human, I wanna live as some new being. Where life isn’t so confusing, I’ll exist as some new thing. Instead of some earthling, I’ll be from another planet. I’d bet there are worse things, and I will manage. [Accent] I am robot, I am a cyborg. I am a computer, I am from the future. I am made of metal, I was sent to help you. And ‘though I am humane, and we are not the same. I only have wires, I don’t have veins. I just have a hard drive, I don’t have a brain. I told you I’m a robot, I am a cyborg. You’re not on your own, & you are not alone. . [Kinetics] You are not alone, this continuum is infinite. Tryna tell somebody that it ISN’T is equivalent. To tryna tell a Fifteenth Century Finnish fisherman. The planet that he’s fishin’ in is not flat, isn’t it?. Tell me why this map has so many damn lines. And why this planet’s contaminated with landmines. No wonder we say “This land’s mine!”. But if man is so evil why do we call humanity man-kind?. Yo I keep tree locked right inside of my weed box. So when I speak thoughts out loud the Gods eavesdrop. (CYBORG) Born with a deformative form. And the formula to form performances of four-minute songs. I’m not imperialistic, I’m just here for a visit. To leave the sphere that you live in with some material in it (listen). One of a kind? Maybe, son. Or maybe I’m just a perfectly sane alien, and y’all are the crazy ones. You might also like[Accent] Everybody’s different, everyone is different. Everybody’s different, everyone is different. Everyone’s unique, everybody’s special. Everyone’s specific, everyone’s themselves. We are individual, we are all exclusive. We are all varied, we are all snowflakes. We are on our own, we are all alone. Not excluding you, but including me. . [Accent] I never met my father, and my mom was a little cold. I know I could get way farther, if I would just let it go. But I’m a sens’tive boy, of much intenser folk, my soul. Is incomplete until I see the Bill in me and hear him speak, just think, think. My mother is Puerto Rican, my dad is Ukrainian. Somehow I’m both of these things, but neither at the same time. I’ll just create mine, and get to be a new race. And make one great kind, instead of being two faced. I’d live to love another, and love to live just for her. & until she’s discovered, my heart is simply tortured. I try to hold it in, it’s overflowing and, it pours. From within, just for them, if someone is the one to get, just think, think. Writing is my only constant, the thing that’s always there. It’s why I am still alive and the reason I’ll stay here. To make them all say yeah, when I ask if they feel good. They don’t know their cheers, prevent my spilled bloodEmbed