Dispatch, I have a vehicle stopped. . [VERSE]. I just got off of work officer. I just got off of work officer. I grew up in church officer. Loosen the cuffs for me, that shit kind of hurt officer. No questioning at all, you put my face in the dirt officer. Why it feel like death and like I’m bout to get murked officer. I ain’t packin’ nothin’, told that shit to the first officer. You stoppin’ me ‘cause you enjoyin’ the perks officer?. Please let me go, my baby bout to give birth officer. Now you got yo foot on my back and yo heat on my head. Spit in my face, that’s worse than puttin’ feet on my bed. All for a quota, look how yo people treat me for bread. Innocent man, so you shoot me and leave me for dead. Damn, mama watchin’ the news, it got her dumb cryin’. Nigga bleedin’ out on the ground, she see her son dyin’. It’s only one Ryan, she know that and she need me here. So be a solider for real, and jut don’t leave me here. That’s how you gon act boy?!. Wish I had my strap boy!. Wish I knew that y’all be blackin’ out ‘cause I’m a Black boy. Black skin rappin’ for the Blacks, you callin’ that noise?!. Point the gun at my head and then you tell me act poised. Come in my hood and watch you nigga’s get drowned. This how I feel when white cops go tell a nigga get down:. “So get down nigga! Lay down and stay down nigga!. And keep your hands behind your back or I’mma spray round nigga!. Pulled over so much you gotta catch the Greyhound nigga!. Yo hands up, you blink wrong, it’s gon be mayhem nigga!”. Facts. Yo gun out, and you shootin’ ‘cause I scared you?!. Well if you get to shoot ‘cause you scared, nigga I’m scared too!. Why we can’t be equal homie?!. Why my movie can’t be long enough to see the sequel homie?!. You act like the reaper homie!. Why I can’t stand in the street just for my people homie?!. Y’all injecting us with poison and that shit is lethal homie. Damn, it’s like how I’m s’posed to love y’all?. When all you do is act like no one is above y’all. And now I’m feelin’ like . . . how much do that love cost?. Instead of real love, it really feel like love lost. I’ll die for my freedom, let’s get real for it. It’s what it’s like when you Black, and you get killed for itYou might also likeEmbed