She said I'm getting bigger well clearly. I remember going to my shows in that Ford Focus. Yet them folks wonder why I'm so focused. Turned myself to a star with very little coaching. Walked through some doors that was never opened. Boy I went and got it I was never hoping. Had to be funny didn't have the flyest clothing. Survived the type of shit that let me know I'm chosen. Now I know I'm chosen. Shit this real gone take a lil longer. Dealing wit some shit my weed a lil stronger. I ain't mixed with nothing man I'm all hunger. Man I'm all hunger. Last couple months I been coming rollie. Man this a long way from where I came. Lyrics of my hurt that's beautiful pain. Is we fucking or you loyal that shit ain't the same. I just need to know. Know that's part of the game. Don't u dare compare us. Better not compare us. Man these vibes ain't the same. I remember I use to cut up in class. Cracking jokes about shawty tracks. My teacher would tell me to go to the back. But like scrapping in school with no teachers around. Ain’t no holding me back. They know that i rap. I cut up on tracks and i know my shit crack. I Got’em feenin like jodeci back. Cause Jodeci back. If you want smoke. I got potency packs. Pull out this K see you run like Jojo. Hop in the game make it stick like pogo. Remember I used to Door Dash out the four door. Now I just dash in the two door dolo. Me myself and ion need no hoe. I just need more dough. I just need promo. Radio video. Everything promotional. Al G Billey. Niggas be social. D to the A. We gone have to go on tour soon. Hella fans screaming. Groupies rubbing on my torso. Lights camera action. Paparazzi like Morse code. Two stars one track. May the force be with those. Fly niggas wear forces with any clothes. Mask up don’t catch co-vid. Sanitize my hands before anything I touch. It turn golden. Bill smoking on Mary. I’m singing that Mary Mary. Living my life like it’s golden. Been through some things. Let me know I’m chosen. Gotta watch out for thorns on roses. You may not be a rose but you can be first picked. Kyle won a championship without Derozan. I say you may not be rose. But you can be first picked. Kyle won that chip without DerozanYou might also likeEmbed