So we got Geechi Gotti versus.... Nigga, you'se a BITCH!. And beatin' me? That's not what you doin'. Whatchu you gon' say? My eyes be closed when I rap?. Well, they not when I'm shootin'!. I'll cock it and use it, and it's that damn simple. Bullets soundin' like they tryin' to tap dance in you. Big ol' gun, clip longer than one of Yakman intros. And fo' yo' info, yeah you called me out. It took a lot of guts just to come for the block. So that prove you got heart, BAOW!. Now the docs gon' have to prove if it's pumpin' or not. I do this shit for Knocc, I'm from Nutty Blocc. He say he from Grape Street. Well, we finna have a Mafia day. Nah, fuck that!. I don't wanna hear a Grape come out ya mouth if you ain't ride for Mafia Ray. The chopper will spray, ask around, they know Geech' be gunnin'. This Drac' (Drake) gon' have 'em dancin' like if he wanna know if Keke love him!. Nigga we be thuggin'. Since 12 years old, I've been a gang-banger. I let 100 off. Reload, then switch the cartridge: I'm a game-changer. I brang danger to each and every one of my ops. Scared of what? Bitch the only thing I run from is cops. I'm a street nigga. You can't tell me that the block ain't mine. 'Cause you niggas like to argue over time limits. My niggas doin' bids, really wishin' somebody will come and stop they time. You must be out yo' mind! Thinkin' that you fuckin' wit' me. That's on the set, cuz always askin' niggas what they life like. BAOW, I'd rather tell 'em how ya death was. Ya gun game fake, head shot, now he on the operation table, they tryin' to fix cuz face. Doctor soundin' just like the intro, "Hold up. Let's get one thing straight.". Straight up, I'm aimin' for his head, soon as the metal pop, baow, I bet it drop. And this shit feelin' like '96, except this time Suge dyin' in Vegas instead of 'Pac!. I'm from Nutty Blocc, I have a 100 Crips at ya mom's crib. Wit' a 100 guns, you'll be battlin' a Hollow before John did. Magnum's blastin', funeral have yo' caskets fastened. Front row ya whole family, got ya mama makin' Jaz reactions. Goddamn I'm spazzin', I'll leave a nigga wit' the hurt face. Baow! Baow! Got my nigga yellin', "Shoot it again!" like I ain't get it right on the first take. You shouldn't even be here, I got paid somethin' nice to beat you. 30 under the nina, I extended the arm like, "It was nice to meet ya". No handshakes, I'm from the streets, the type of shit you be nervous on. You ain't Arsonal, you ain't Red, you ain't Twork, are you serious (Serius)?. You ain't makin' the types of moves Surf be on. Fat-ass nigga, this battle show us the way you built, you shouldn't be the one to put Jersey on. NOME 8, he really thought he was a bad bitch wit' that Gucci purse huh?. Nah, you just was a big one. Ironic how you was carryin' that bag, same way they gon' have to carry you in one. Nigga, what's ya life like?. While you was out there trickin' on Kash Doll for them features. Instead of puttin' money on Tsu books. I was out there hittin' licks. Passin' on mo' money than what it cost to get Mook booked. Nigga you suck. Man, shout out to my niggas like Lil 100, Dre Vishiss and Drama. Those some real Grape Street niggas that be rappin' but you ain't done nothin' for. That's why I look at you like a mascot, nigga, nothin' more. You ain't really in the field shootin' and drivin'. That's not you, that's why I call you a mascot. Cause you only rep the team when it's time to put on this costume. Nigga, I'm not you. I'm really built for this shit. That shit you talkin'? I'm really willing to get killed fo' this shit. Nigga, I'm from the Grandees, Compton Crip started in my set, know ya history. You big and soft, like a bean bag, I'll get your team tagged. Fuck, you ain't even official. So instead of purple, this nigga need to be rockin' a green flag. You a green Grape, I'll get ya whole team ate. Run up in ya spot like, "Where the work at, clown?. Either get hit wit' the Cal', or ease (calories) up off them pounds.". I don't explain shit, I'd rather have the gats talkin'. And even if he don't die it'll knock a chunk of fat off him. And when it's real, y'all can tell. Y'all can see it in they eyes. It's yo' turn, see if this fake Grape can make y'all believe them lies. [Round 1: Shotgun Suge]. I would've done him with the semi, but I'm slammin' the four. The .40 pointed at Gotti like Sammy The Bull. Let's get one thing straight, show homage when the god speakin'. Or blood comin' out ya mouth like a mob greetin'. I hit ya main bitch on the side creepin'. Mafia vs mafia, Gotti it's all business like a mob meetin'. On the wake up I dump in his mug, I'm makin' coffee. .45 the prize, I kill 'em softly. Big homie, the job get done, it wouldn't cost me. I am the streets, you better look both ways before you cross me. This that Good Burger no fake beef. I'll punch ya mama in the mouth now she got fake teeth. Pitbull when it break leash. Ars' like, "Ain't he Crip cuz?". "So what? He ain't from Grape Street.". He don't smoke niggas, he a blunt passer. Homo nigga a nut grabber. Tinted whip, I swung past ya. Swing back through his block, two shots in the Grape, I'm a Nut cracker. He the type to get tough when he see the cops. He gon' get the first shell like Adidas drop. Head shot, we need the mops. Spray paint my name by his body since the leader drop. So he don't gotta ask who the ops, we the ops. Revenge is sweet we like to flavor all our dealings. I'm into bodies, I caught a killin'. You a dead body, I keep shootin' over this bitch, I'm in my feelings. On Tech I gotchu bro, I'm the street adviser dude. Oh you killed the homie? Turned vigilante, and this the Equalizer 2. Yeah, dome shot, get stretched bad. 30 clip to stretch Mag. First popped missed him, left bad. He died after the second pop; step dad. Hey Smack this a mismatch, so what if he Crip? He get his shit cracked. Shit tap, disrespect him like Young Dolph for havin' Gotti baby mother on a diss track. But switch that, let me hear you (w)rap around two sticks like a Kit-Kat. You thought you was beatin' me? You buggin', nigga. I should smack you right now for what you did to Tech 9. That's my cousin, nigga!. You thought you was gonna smoke my goddamn cousin in front of me, nigga!?. Blow his head off in front of face, think I ain't gon' do shit?. I ain't lettin' that shit ride, I'm on his Nutt' Blocc and let the lead off. Catch him at the chicken shack like, "Break yourself fool" and blow his head off. Man, he gon' tell us about his life, that's the biggest myth since the Illuminati. Put my youngins on him, they shootin' prolly, hyped off doin' Molly. That's ya bitch witchu? That's Cash Money on his Boo & Gotti. I'ma let three of 'em clap. Let me get it out the way now just to see if he strapped!. Man that clappin' nine, I clap a nine or bang out wit' this MAC of mine. Bury Gotti in a suit and tie 'cause he the Dapper Don. Jersey!. You might also like[Round 2: Geechi Gotti]. You said Tech Nine was yo' cousin? So what? Fuck Champion. I already killed you, but don't start Tech. I'm glad Tsu Surf good, let me get him back for that heart check. I hope yo' son grow up to be just like you; a fat ass gang banger. So he can know all about them long nights and them short days. I hate I gotta say this but I hope he catch a case, go to jail, then get passed around like the sports page. I'm disrespectful, cause that's just how the hood made me. We ain't just slidin' for the hype. Where I'm from? We still look at jail terms and dyin' as a strike. No lyin' this fo' life. He said he would take a picture wit' him after doin' him greasy when he was battlin' Twork. You wanna take a picture wit' me? Cool, cause after this they can use that on his shirt. I'm puttin' in work. I should kill this nigga for thinkin' he Shaq. Put the heat to his back now he like, "Aww Gotti, I thought we was keepin' it raps.". You misunderstood what I said Aak. Yeah we keepin' it rap, but I was talkin' 'bout yo' dome after the head shot. BAOW! Fuck checkin' a nigga pockets, cause I'd rather check a nigga's background. I heard when you went to them projects. Them young Grape Street niggas gave you a pat down. How you get robbed in yo' own hood?. I guess yo' name ain't no good. Yo Trick Trick! I don't think Arsonal was lyin' when he say he ain't know Suge. Nigga you ain't verified, so when you hollered that Grape Street shit, all I hear is lies. Matter of fact, I don't think he Crip unless he paralyzed. You was terrified, claimin' the Watts gang. But you ain't got the L.A. heart. New Jersey Grape? That's like comparin' the LA Lakers to the LA Sparks. Nigga you not official. I pulled up to them [?] projects, I asked them if they put on Suge. They told me nah, after this, hit this big bitch wit' a car, so he can finally get put on the hood. Nigga what's good?. How you gon' talk some gang bang Crip shit to me? I'm from the motherland. I'll hang your mother off a balcony and drop that bitch, let's see if ya mother land, nigga. Brother man, brother man, what you actin' like you even thuggin' for?. Get pistol whipped, 'til ya heart rate look like an underscore. That's a flat line, kill you and ya bitch, I'm on that time. We both Crip, I just don't think you bangin' it right. You claimin' Grape, I got him lookin' like a raisin tonight. Stand up nigga, I'll pop ya son if I feel you ain't raisin' him right. I'll let it blow in his mouth, then put the pump to his chest. Crazy how I'm killin' him but it look like I'm savin' a life. You ain't made for this life, yeah we both come from battlin' but the difference is pretty enormous. See, while my niggas is plottin' on licks, we consider that schemin'. See that shit was really important. When we was in the field catchin' fades, those were the type of punches my niggas was scorin'. And puttin' in work? That's how the homies judged our performance, nigga. You battle rap niggas kill me. Givin' y'all self all these made up titles and accolaids. "Top tier" this and "legendary" that. I'd rather judge a nigga off his name in the streets, I got legendary stats. But you? Yo' name kinda shaky. Cause you put your brothers like Arsonal and Surf in some cold situations. See Detroit wasn't they problem they was only guilty off of yo' associations. Them niggas had to take an L off of that situation and that was all on you. So how you supposed to convince us you a vet. But when your dawgs needed you, they couldn't call on you. I done caught bodies way befo' battle rap, I ain't doin' this shit fo' no' clout. I used to hop, let it spray, see the enemies do the roll bounce. My patna got caught wit' a strap with plenty bodies on 'em. They gave him 50 to life he can't parole out. Now you go try convincin' that judge, that if it ain't on URL that it don't count. Shout out my cuzo, man he from neighborhood, he said "Gotti. Make sure you show him 'bout this Crippin' shit and make sure you showin' him right.". He said, "Cause you know, I'ma be in hood forever, even though I know it ain't right.". I said, "Damn, for real?". Then they caught my nigga lackin' Kane and old boy at the light. He wheelchair bound so he wasn't lyin', he gon' be rollin' for life. And when it's real, y'all can tell, y'all can see it in they eyes. Let's see if this nigga can make y'all believe them lies. Nigga time. [Round 2: Shotgun Suge]. Yo who the fuck he think he talkin' to?!. Original gangsta, one riot make his hood blow up. It ain't 'bout what you rap or what hood you throw up. You thought you was shootin' Straight Outta Compton til Suge showed up. Verses involve bosses the Don Dada. This ain't no prop chopper, it's a block rocker. I'll put a Yankee on a tee like a Bronx bomber. Same strap got a stutter problem. Late night I'm a gunner problem. Middle of the summer wildin'. Gun in his mouth, we don't understand half of what Geechi sayin' like it's Gutter Island. I grew up strappin' the Jansport I'm a backpacker. This Glock .40'll back smack ya. Smack, how you trust him? Main thing Gotti known for is being a back stabber. See he rap about them straps, see they is not wit' him. Glock him him, chop split 'em. I'll put Gotti and Gotti Jr in a box wit' him. 30 clips shells they all there. He said Gotti got bundles, well me too but mines look like small squares. They say Gotti got bundles on the street, the long hair. I got extensions too, 30's the long pair. I be sliddin' on his block like it's late night. 490 on the handle, the grip tight. Send three shots, he get hit twice. When he roll out, we come back wit' the same numbers like trick dice. The shooter and the driver got a trick shot like a Globetrotter. David Cone the known slider. Big Grape, hang and hit like a GTA baller hangin' out a low rider. They say you hot, but this where the shit stop. On the turf wit' the fifth cocked. He get his shit rocked. See him at his burial in a big box. Hit his homies up, before the revenge, slipknot. There's gon' be Death At A Funeral, it's Chris Rock. They say he the man in scary Compton. I air a bitch like Mary Poppins. Vegas beef, I slam on him like Larry Johnson. {Chokes}. Jersey. . [Round 3: Geechi Gotti]. We all predicted this battle, everybody knew the outcome. The Grim Reaper had wanted the front seat, Death was calling "Shotgun". Nigga stand still, you 'bet not run. You did that fake ass tryin' to tap on my pockets. If this wasn't battle rap, on Nutty you would've got ya ass kicked. Cause where I'm from, shit like that end drastic. I'm talkin' tragic. How fast you go from tappin' a nigga's pockets to ya mama tappin' on ya casket. . {crowd starts chanting "3-0"}. . What my life like? Soldier shit. You prolly ain't been through no wars. Niggas enemies know my whip, it's a risk just ridin' wit' my kids in the car. What my life like? Shootouts. You couldn't imagine how many of my niggas bled on me. It's fucked up, how my closest friends become my dead homies. What my life like? Crippin', you can research it. Through ya iPhone nigga and Google me. I'm in the spot wit' so much dope, I needed help wit' the work, somebody tutor me. Nigga, what my life like? That shit you rappin', I really live that. I remember the first time my bitch said, "You wanna FaceTime?" I said, "Bitch! You know how many times I did that?!". . {crowd starts chanting "3-0" again}. . Nigga, what my life like? Okay, I'm talkin' straps, nines and .40s. Fresh rounds like Mentos, fuck keepin' the gun clean. We only got 'em to get 'em dirty like gym clothes. Nigga, what my life like? Liftin' the iron, that's only to let the lead spray. See that's how we workout, and runnin' from the cops? Nigga that was leg day. See look though, this sport right here and this gang bangin' shit ain't for the weak, you gotta be strong wit' it. It takes stamina to chase a nigga wit' a chopper, you gotta be long winded. It's like when the song finish, first you hear the beats stop. That nigga leg singin', then his feet stop. He ain't from our (R) Streetz so if they ask, "What happened to him?" I ain't got shit to say bitch, I'm T-Top. G stop, who you have you ever shot?. Who have you ever knocked down?. Have you ever been in a cell, got the news that ya patna died but you couldn't call or pay your condolences cause that facility was on lock down?. Nigga stop clown. You talkin' 'bout, "Oh when he was playin' Toy Story puttin' the potato on-" For what?. Why you puttin' a potato on a nose if you still missin' wit' the shot?. The only reason I put silencers on my straps cause my mama raised me...and I ain't like to listen to my pops. He ain't wit' it, nigga stop. If I catch yo' bitch, yo' lady gettin' got. She try to run I'ma catch up to her and spray it in her top. Code word: Bartender. I had that chaser (chase her) wit' the shot. AK, and yeah this shit is hot. I really spray things, I get caught wit' it, bodies showin' up on the chopper like the A-Team. You ain't cut from that, gang bangin', I really come from that. Who you think you foolin' G?. Matter of fact, Suge tell us what yo' life-BAOW. I'd rather hear the preacher tell us at yo' eulogy. And when it's real, y'all can tell, y'all can see it in his eyes. It's his turn, see if he can make y'all believe them lies. Nigga time. . [Round 3: Shotgun Suge]. I had to dust off the .40. it's new and shiny. They talkin' 'bout strength in numbers, your crew is tiny. He on fire on God almighty. But this gon' be the rise and fall of Gotti like the early 90's. I ain't wanna battle Geechi, I'm in the field lookin' for Bay Loc. Disrespectful, got Grape dick all in ya bae Loc. I'm tired of you in ya battles talkin' like you bang that, bang this, you flame this. I pull up like, "A Bay Bay" and let one hit; Hurricane Chris. I'm headed back to LA I'm on a new mission. Torture [?] in his basement let his boo listen. Gun outta hand, he went from gang bangin' to beautifican. Behind every black man is a woman so be humble for her. Head shot, she need a new wig, Gotti got bundles for her. Revolver loaded I give him the nine piece. This five trippin', I'm a fly beast. His Baby Boy be walkin' around LA hustlin' bitches like Tyrese. He be boostin' bundles that's a 10-4. Talkin' 'bout, "This pack right here look better when the wind blow.". What his life like? While he was slingin' bundles, givin' out deals, he a good sport. I was slingin' bundles, givin' out deals, fiends fly from New York. I had that one deal if you, if you bought one, get a free sample like the food court. What his life like? While I was cuttin' school bringin' the bag back. He was prolly gettin' disrespected gettin' his flag snatched. He gon' ask me what my Crippin' like, what the program like. How many hardcores you been in? How many [?] you gave out. I'm hard to three. I'm like Kimbo, don't nobody wanna go in the backyard wit' me. That's why they call me Suge. Cause I was always young, big, wit' a grown hand. I was 15 bein' a grown man. I'm an ape nigga. I was in a circle wit' eight niggas. Wit' these I break niggas. I was slidin' on op' before I turned Grape nigga. Everything I say, I mean it nigga. My hood like yours, believe it nigga. Everything you did, I did. Everything you seen, I seen it nigga. He really gon' tell me, "You really Crip? You gave drive-by's? You shot niggas?". Well ask Beasley, ask Mass Appeal about that documentary. They know 'bout them South Ward Grapes, they been on my block nigga. {chokes}. . [Geechi Gotti]. Finish it off...Finish it off. . [Shotgun Suge]. JerseyEmbed