I want my pussy hole stretched like the hoops on New New (Ah). Open up the box like a nigga got new shoes (Mmm). You want that foreplay so I'm dressed in tutus. And the pussy so tight, feel like you fuckin' a Froot Loop. I get up on that dick, do a split then ride slow. Mouth stuffed with meat like I just ate a gyro. This ain't my Lil Baby but I'm with him like Ralo. I'm just milking this nigga, this a full-blown cow show. I don't let 'em run trains but I let 'em pull my tracks (Ah). Do it doggy style while I eat some Scooby Snacks (Ah). Might take a nap, make him eat it from the back. Said he don't do drugs but his tongue in my crack, ayy. Let a dick hop, call Mona. Legs 'bout to spread like Corona (Mmm). Piss all in his face, he get a boner. Lookin' like The Simpsons, now he Homer. Dog ass nigga, crib like vacation. He own so many spots, he 101 Dalmatian. Yeah, he got a bitch, who give a fuck if he taken?. He about to risk it all, no bracelet. I'm rubbin' on my pussy while he lickin' my tits (Yes). Dine in the pussy like you at Ruth Chris (Yeah). I make it disappear but I'm creating a bitch. He callin' 911, reporting his missing dick. And I almost got evicted 'cause you know my walls tight. Neighbors heard me yelling, "Daddy, fuck me all night". Fifty K up in the mall, nah, we don't ball light. Designer everything, bitch, even my cum Off-White. I suck his dick, he look down, telling me I'm great. Eight rounds, turn a bitch throat to Kate Plus Eight. I put the balls in my mouth, I'm like, "Hold up, wait, huh. Man, this ain't how this shit 'posed to taste". [Chorus]. I need some lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. Lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. If your dick taste plain then I'm throwing a fit. My pussy only taste like water 'cause you're thirsty as shit. I need some lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick (Mmm). Lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. If your dick taste plain then I'm throwing a fit. My pussy only taste like water 'cause you're thirsty as shit. . [Verse 2]. Sixty-nine while I'm handcuffed, we call that snitch nine. Stand up bitch but my tits, they sit fine. Bushy ass dick, cut it down on his time. Look down while I ride, seeing trees like zipline. Ice cubes on nipples, he like to stare at. Ride him so long, said, "Are we there yet?". His face, the throne, that's where my chair at. And if his tip lookin' tiny, T.I., I might air that. Bomb bitch like a Lush bath, throw it the fuck back. Ain't waiting on no dick, better give me that rush pass. His tongue go to work, I pack that dick in my lunch bag. The pussy thicker than Steve Harvey moustache. Nigga, pipe down, let's get this shit understood. Thumb through the money, not my asshole, nigga, I'm good. Boxing on your wrecking balls, Miley wishes she could. Knocked his balls out the park, now that dick on Tiger Woods. Good ass pipe, got me a new plumber. No veggies, but, daddy, I am a cute cummer. I open my legs to suffocate that dick. But first off, I gotta tell that nigga straight like this. You might also like[Chorus]. I need some lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. Lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. If your dick taste plain then I'm throwing a fit. My pussy only taste like water 'cause you're thirsty as shit. I need some lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick (Mmm). Lemon pepper and mild sauce on that dick. If your dick taste plain then I'm throwing a fit. My pussy only taste like water 'cause you're thirsty as shit1Embed