Listen, mm. If I don't make it to my pillow 'fore these lights go out. Please write about me, cite my lyrics, and know they ignite my spirit. Poor babies fightin' depression been writin' them essays. To graduate with no stage on Zoom, motherfucka?. Send me the link, I'll check into your room, motherfucka. Cybercongratulate you, then purposely agitate you. Askin' questions like, "How you supposed to protest with no chest?". A big heart, but they closed down all the gyms, wish you had Bowflex. A Rolex won't keep you sane and safe from danger. They shut down nature, where the fuck I'm supposed to place my anger?. Ironically, my honesty might make me enemy of state. I trust that God'll use my pen to draw His face. Still got my pistol on my waist. [Chorus: SiR]. If I shout but ain't nobody around to hear it. How 'bout it when it echo?. I sing loud to talk to my inner child, he feel it. Your dreams made out of Legos. I reach out despite the feeling they out to kill us. Get rowdy 'bout the pesos. The solution for this cold institution. Just to breathe, we need to let go (Oh). Oh, we need to let go (Oh). Oh, we need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). Oh, we need to let go. . [Verse 2: D Smoke]. Seven pounds of flesh'll hang out. When it pierce your vest and it rang out. And them tears your best friend is cryin'. It appears won't rest, but a page out. Of the book of life said, "Pray loud". Never took a knife to a gunfight. Pops got two strikes from the umpire. Stoplight, two rights on a bumped tire. And the sirens plus red and blue lights told me, "Pull over". I should feel safer, but expired plates on old Toyotas. Means I can't afford to pay tickets to two of these racist rollers. They could pull the trigger, family can't afford to pay the lawyer. Say the word, they tell me, "You got access to a league of warriors". Eyes haven't seen what heaven keeps in store for us, there's more of us. But in this life, some wars we can't avoid. I wrote this the day they killed George Floyd. We won't forget your story. You might also like[Chorus: SiR & D Smoke]. If I shout but ain't nobody around to hear it. How 'bout it when it echo?. I sing loud to talk to my inner child, he feel it. Your dreams made out of Legos. I reach out despite the feeling they out to kill us. Get rowdy 'bout the pesos. The solution for this cold institution. Just to breathe, we need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh, shit, my nigga). We need to let go (Oh, fuck you mean, bro?). We need to let go (Oh). (Nah, bro, we done let go one too many times, my nigga). We need to let go. . [Verse 3: D Smoke]. Fuck bein' patient, give a pig a rope, he'll make a noose. And fuck lettin' go, I'm all about lettin' loose. Weapons prove that talk is cheap. Chalk'll mark the spot where all their arteries. Released the coldest blood that's known from west to east. And we're prone to trust the liar. Even though they rest they feet upon our neck. Or shove their knee in our spine 'til we rest in peace. And they never get convicted. 'Cause this crooked ass system protects they peeps. They killed her uncle, now who's gon protect they niece?. We built the pyramids, why do they still experiment on the ghetto?. Was taught that if you walked the earth, then you're my fellow. Must be naive 'cause as I weave through all this black and white searchin' for yellow. I'll hold on to my faith and never let go. But I'm 'bout to let go. [Chorus: SiR]. If I shout but ain't nobody around to hear it. How 'bout it when it echo?. I sing loud to talk to my inner child, he feel it. Your dreams made out of Legos. I reach out despite the feeling they out to kill us. Get rowdy 'bout the pesos. The solution for this cold institution. Just to breathe, we need to let go (Oh). Oh, we need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). . [Outro: SiR]. We need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). We need to let go (Oh). We need to let go. (Oh, oh). (Oh, oh). (Oh, oh). (Oh, oh)2Embed