Said all white drank, all black shades...I don't even.... . [Verse 1]. Said all black shades. Not literally, but the fact that I can't see negativity is the reason that I am paid. Cause success is my wage, wait-a-wait a minute. Yo, fresh to dreams, my nigga I'll be bathing in my vision. Keeping belief in those dreams and my faith is my religion. I do it for the record like a tape after it's filmed. And you can have anything you ask as long as it's not solicit. Lot's of shit that I've been through, lot's of shit that we go through. The reason some niggas go postal on careful approximation. I'm facing saiyans like Goku, therefore so what do I say. Mufasa's Scar was Simba's Kovu and all the people they close to. Dodgin' the little eye of the ghetto bird in South Central. Not me, but all the people that I'm close to that they close to. Ridin' in Nella's Altima, pulled over by the Liquor Bank. Officers givin' petty seatbelt tickets for a total.... What?. So now it's just me and my ignant angels. Wrekless but not in danger, that truthful shit seems endagered. Like retro, I make the transition despite the changes. Team Wrekless is who I came with, so just put me in the game and I'm gon'. [Hook]. Go so hard, five six but I dream so tall. They say the sky's the limit, but I'm livin' in the clouds. If I ever touch down, I don't need no ball. But baby I'mma ball Cause I'm in the zone. Jesus is who I came with, so everywhere is my home. I got things to get off my chest, let my freedom ring, where's the phone. I got reasons why I'mma get it, the same reason that I'm livin', I'm on (3x). . [Verse 2]. Clack, Clack, Clack, shooting blanks like Crash. Daddy of the Persian lady, tell me have you heard him lately?. Jet...Two point 0, yeah this version's crazy. Ah, not too much can change me. Only one can tame me.... Married to my music, honey moons, me and my lady. Can I get it baby? Some are moody, some are May.... June, July... all the way through August, I'll be sowing seeds I harvest at that time. Like apartments in the projects, you can find.... That whole section ate (8) where you die just (digest) to your confinements. In the hood where we make it our Suburbs. From all the images we post, a three dimensional Tumblr. About ten miles from the coast. Get reminded it's rough over here, for that simple reason, it's us over fear. Yeah, yeah, yeah.... I feel that I'mma build it... doubted in the beginning. But now I've come to conceal that thing they call dreams. All mine from the city of Dr. Dre, NWA. From the Jays all the way to way on the east-side, the Cali-maze I'm gon'. You might also like[Hook]. . [Verse 3]. Uh...Uh...Yeah. We 'bout that.... Ever since Wrekless been on the scene. The crew is multiplying, two finger count that. Bunch of various artists on their grind, it's like a soundtrack. Bunch of young niggas tryin' to ball, we call that bounce back. From the city where niggas do everything to get that kitty cat. Word to BeeGee and his mental city map. Even if I'm 'sleep, I'm probably working for that title. So I'm never ever idle in my mind, so critics, give me dap. Yeah, we're ahead of the circle that we could never fit in. The story's told where the terminal has become the mission. And inner vision is intermission through all dimensions. So my nigga, this Wrekless, don't you forget to mention. . [Hook]Embed