—so, all of you Africans. All of you Africans that know how to do things that's working for other people. Y'all need to open your own business. Save your money, quit paying motherfuckers for jheri curls. Quit paying motherfuckers for perms. Save your money, start your own business. So these little Africans will have wa— places to work. This is our future right here!. This our future right here! (Right there). This— (The new generation is goin'! The new generation!). Hey, I'ma tell you right now. If— If— If I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future, I'm a dead motherfucker! (You right! Respect!). [Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]. Wake up, jumped out my bed. I'm in a two man cell with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead. Murder was the case that they gave me. Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?. I'm only eighteen, so I'm a young buck. It's a riot, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck. But that's the life of a G, I guess. Eses way deep, shanked two in the chest. Best run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker. Uh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga. Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs. Getting that rep as a young hog. It ain't nothing like the street life. You better be strapped with your shank, 'cause ain't no fist fight. So I guess I gots to handle mine. Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time. . [Chorus: Daz Dillinger & Donny Hathaway]. Them say me grow up to be nothing. Look at me now and tell me what you see. I am what I am, it's only me. Little ghetto boy. Playing in the ghetto street. Whatcha gonna do when you grow up. And have to face responsibility?. You might also like[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]. Now I'm holding a dub, sitting on swoll. 27 years old, up for parole, stroll. I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money. That I'll be making soon as I touch the streets. Things done changed on this side. Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right. But it ain't no thang to me. 'Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed OG. The little homies from the hood with grip. Are the ones I get with 'cause I'm down to set trip. Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what you wanna do?. Didn't know he had a twenty-two. Straight sitting behind his back. I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps. I fell to the ground with blood on my hands. I didn't understand. How a nigga so young could bust a cap. I used to be the same way back. I guess that's what I get (For what?). For trying to jack the little homies for they grip. . [Chorus: Daz Dillinger & Donny Hathaway]. Me learn many things from what me see from the street. The outcome of what I've come to be. Little ghetto boy. Playing in the ghetto street. Whatcha gonna do when you grow up. And have to face responsibility?. [Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]. Something for the real OGs to get with. Some facts, made our made, now you runnin' but don't play. Like every single day, really, though. You know me, I'm the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie. No needing being calm if you pack right. And learning just enough to keep your sack right. Late nights, I wonder what they getting for?. Early morning on the corners, what they hitting for?. Seven young G's put they serve down. In a G ride, east side's where they swerve now. Not thinking about what's really going on. Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone. I spent four years in the county with nothing but convicts around me. But now I'm back at the Pound. And we expose ways for the youth to survive. Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right. So make all them ends you can make. 'Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out. So ain't no need for your mama to trip. 'Cause you's a hustlin'-ass youngsta, clocking your grip. . [Chorus: Daz Dillinger & Donny Hathaway]. Now me finally grown as you can see, still an OG. For life and always remain to be. A little ghetto boy. Playing in the ghetto street. Whatcha gonna do when you grow up. And have to face responsibility?17Embed