Reporting live from them Chattanooga streets. Tryna' keep the peace. Swimming in them lakes out in the east. Pray it never sink. Keep your eyes open when you sleep. Dog, don’t even blink. Doing homicides at fifteen. They don’t even think (Fuck that shit!). Cold blooded, cold-hearted niggas retarded. I do this for my niggas with blickas', won't be a target. I do this for my single mothers who ain’t got the patience. And for the children who don’t know where the fuck they daddy stayin'. I ain’t waiting on no hand outs, been had this planned out. I stand out like a bump on your lip, I'm a pimp. Where’s that steak and shrimp?. Mix that white sauce and that hot sauce all up in my shit, bitch. [Hook]. 2, 3 niggas gettin' high in the Cadillac. "Ride Til' I Die" playin' softly in the back. All I ever wanted was a Jeep on all gold Dayton's. Chattanooga, hallelujah. It's bout' time we fuckin' made it. 2, 3 niggas gettin' high in the Cadillac. "Ride Til' I Die" playin' softly in the back. All I ever wanted was a Jeep on all gold Dayton's. Chattanooga, hallelujah. It's bout' time we fuckin' made it. . [Verse 2]. The South back, you niggas better watch that. Your main lady, we housed that. And she don’t know where any of our house at. Knock you out, this shit sound like pap-pap. Pussy boy go take a cat nap. Back in this bitch with my backpack. Put the town on my back like a back tat. I be that nigga just rollin' and smokin'. Was teachin' Jamoki, just how to switch gears in the stick (Skrrt!). Stallin' my engine and shit, we was talking about bitches and kicks, uh. Real OG, spill O-E for my niggas locked. Motherfuck a court judge and cops. And thots, nigga, we coming after ya. Giving ‘em shots like we bout to send ‘em to Africa. Drinking to much Actavis, that must be why they acting up. Only getting closer mothafucka', ain’t no backing up. You might also like[Hook]. 2, 3 niggas gettin' high in the Cadillac. "Ride Til' I Die" playin' softly in the back. All I ever wanted was a Jeep on all gold Dayton's. Chattanooga, hallelujah. It's bout' time we fuckin' made it. 2, 3 niggas gettin' high in the Cadillac. "Ride Til' I Die" playin' softly in the back. All I ever wanted was a Jeep on all gold Dayton's. Chattanooga, hallelujah. It's bout' time we fuckin' made it. . [Interlude]1Embed