I got enemies, I got niggas hatin'. I got schemers in my face thinking I ain't waitin'. Don't make me get gangster on 'em x4. . [Verse 1: Chilla K.]. I got double vision but I still don't see you. So there's only two I's (eyes) like a Greek two. I got flow come take a dive in the deep blue. And it's church I baptize who I speak to. Double "O" representer no relation Kid Cudi. And I'm dressed in all gold like a nigga Air Buddy. I be choppin down the green if it isn't clear cuttin'. And I'm scared of the bottom more than nuns fear fuckin'. I ain't never been there I don't plan on touchin'. I can box niggas out with the bricks I'm touchin'. But a square so rare that the fare break budgets. Like I write with a white little cocaine nugget. That's lyrical dope I'm the miracle hope. From the temporal lobe you remember the flow. Through residual quotes not particularly close with them lesser known folks. I'm part of the niggas you mention the most. And bitch that's a fact I intended to boast. I'm ballin' I'm Duncan like Tim in the post. I'm different they don't got a synonym fo'. You sweet niggas acting like cinnamon though I can't stand it. I'm breakin' apart all they standards. You boys better pray like a mantis 'fore I do damage just from you glancin'. I'm deep wit the flow like atlantis. Ain't givin a nigga no chances. Pull up on niggas like pampers, questioning niggas we better get answers. [Hook: Chilla K.]. . [Verse 2: KG]. I'm the type to do first and think later, I don't wait. It's always gon' be me first and me later, I won't wait. 'Cause if I get served my plate and you don't why would I wait to eat?. I'll just keep eating I'm feasting, I'm beastin boy it's never ate for me. But wait Trey, this song's called wait and you say that's not you?. That's why irony is beautiful yeah I got you!. What's the point? The point is you won't get the point, get the point?. If you do that's a score for you, you get the point, now hit the joint. Wanna see what I can do just give me the ball. And I'll make sure my competition don't even get to see the ball. We can do this 'til the death, that's a kill for a kill. That's like a hitch for a fresh prince, that's a will for will. Aye Chilla K. keep it G, just like Trey. Who is Trey? Mr. What's He Gonna Say just another day, now pay me pay me, one more time, pay me. Now I know y'all know who said that one that was KG!. . [Hook: Chilla K.]. . [Verse 3: Chilla K. & KG]. . (Chilla K.). C.K.G. Chilla K. and KG. You know you don't see. Or say the same things. As we and we the amazing team. You might also like(KG). So go ahead and grab a mirror. When you do you'll see it'll be clearer. Chilla KG it's just us the new era. . (Chilla K.). Since it is know the niggas staying fitted. And it's us right now, we don't gotta wait a minute. And this whole fucking game, we done probably reinvented. And we fucked your dame and you still couldn't get in it. . (KG). Pop that Drop it to the flo and gotta pick it up. What you drinkin on gotta sip it up. Then you gotta give it up. Once you do gotta sit it up live it up with... . (Chilla K.). Chilla Kzy. . (KG). KG, pay me shhhEmbed