. [Verse]. Wake up in the morning take a peep out the window. Got a tough choice to make: Go back to sleep or Nintendo?. Every day routine, unemployed, eating donuts. With only one mission that's avoidin' to grow up. Figure out a way to give this day a funny content. Spent all my time on music and all my money on rent. My favorite hobby is talking because talking is cheap. I've got an army of ragdolls marching with me. Believe we're on our way to stardom and we're rushing, so make way. Haven't seen a comb or a brush in a decade. Disturbin' the peace and breaking thе order. A bit grumpy cause my left shoе is taking in water. The most raggedy, well everybody knows it's me. If I look fresh best believe I got the clothes for free. Leavin' the fashion industry in catastrophe. Because perfection's rather boring if you're asking me. [Chorus]. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my army. . I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my army. . Oh Joe.... . [Verse]. Now you've got nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. We're striking back for each time that you've thrown us aside. Cause like this world some of us ragdolls, we're fallin' apart. Doesn't matter cause you know I got 'em all in my heart. Believe me in this gritty city with its foolish desires. Ragdolls are the only ones I truly admire. Just like so many others, we're pursuing our dreams. So most times I get the feelin' that we're moving upstream. Don't really like when people stare and just in case you dare. I cover my pretty face with tons of facial hair. People stop and talk to me even though I don't know 'em. They all seem to know my face but none of my poems. It's been like this for years, they got the will to speak. Cause people tend to point and stare like I'm the village freak. No use tryin' to deny it cause everybody knows. The most worn-out ragdoll's the one you love the most. You might also like[Chorus]. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my army. . I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my army. . [Verse]. A pack of wild ragdolls, ain't no tamin' y'all. Some of them at night time is writing names on walls. Some are old and I've known 'em since the time of my birth. Some are new and live on the other side of the earth. And some are hippies, at least they appear to be. I've got one who's rather short and has a beard like me. Some ragdolls makin' beats for my tracks and stuff. I've got one who plays the banjo and backs me up. Some whose names would be famous if the time was right. A DJ with a crate full of dynamite. Some of them were cage birds, then they flew right out. I've got one who's a painter and she moved down south. Some heavy metal ragdolls, true sinners, and screamers. I've got one who's a beautiful innocent dreamer. And one who I write and play PS2 with. I swear I love 'em all to death and have no reason to quit. [Chorus]. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my army. . I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. I've got ragdolls marching with me. If you're a worn-out ragdoll, join my armyEmbed