Mentally enslaved. Mentally deranged. Mental doesn't change. Rental isn't paid. Why do you pretend to live everyday?. We are not the same. Is that all I tell myself to make me feel better?. What have I become?. . [Hook: Little Simz and Chronixx]. Have I let my people down?. Let my people down. Have I let my people down yeah?. Have I let my people down yeah?. Have I let my people down?. My people down. Never, never let my people down. Never let my people down. Never let my people down. Never let my people. [Verse 1: Chronixx]. I'm not half the man Marley was. Still I hear the voice of Garvey calling us. And Luther King's soul is still patiently waiting for his dreams to come true because it feels like the same ting again. Still I fight fire with fire, streets still hot like fire. What's the matter with matter?. Still marching, screaming black lives matter. And so many people trying to be an activist in society. These days what we really need is active spirituality. Cuh Bob done fight already, X done fight already. And Rosa Parks make we flying first class nice and steady. So if you want to fight that fight again then alright, my baby. But after the revolution must come the evolutionaries. Ali deny Vietnam and stand firm, real and strong. Today our fight is to activate all the pineal glands. Of the youts in the streets weh nuh eat from morning. Provide them with a meal or something. Wah mek them feel what me feel. When mi see Jah Jah open the seal and me know me never. Let my people down. . [Refrain: Little Simz]. Mentally deranged. Mental doesn't change. Rental isn't paid. Why do you pretend to live every day?. We are not the same. Is that all I tell myself to make me feel better?. What have I become?. You might also like[Verse 2: Little Simz]. I'm not half the woman Maya was. Still I hear the voice of Nina here guiding us. We're running out of legends. I know they look from the heavens down on me. I can't let them down. The people that are meant to be protecting us are killing us. The people that are meant to be protecting us are killing us. Anxiety and adrenaline, I know you feel the rush. Do you hear me now?. . [Hook: Little Simz and Chronixx]. Never let my people down. Never, never let my people down. No, no. You say. Never let my people down. Never let my people down. Never let my people1Embed