Often times, we women, start to rise. Then certain people devise a plan to disenfranchise. Whether it’s our bodies or rights. Entice us with movements. Unite us through persecution. Make it seem like it’s alright. Dear girl, open your eyes. . We have come so far, it’s easy to resign. We’ve got equality. But public policy shows the contrary honestly. No surprise, since we perpetuate rape culture separate locker room talk and that one audio tape that’s great. I get 78 cents to a man’s dollar. While black and latino women get even smaller. What should every girl know?. You are not some puppet in a puppet show. Expose the double standards, the hypocrisy, the hate. It is never too late. . This is the moment of girls taking the reigns. It is Times Up. It is Me Too. It is everyone from me to you. Who has spoken or stayed silent but strong. It is Emma Gonzalez and Lena Waithe. From dodging bullets and dodging hate. Christine Blasey Ford and every survivor that speaks. Only to be met with intimidation, investigation, and disbelief Dear girl, you will be believed. If not by senate floors and investigators, we will hear you. Dear Girl, We will see you. Dear Girl, We will stand by you. You are heard from the survivor 3,000 miles away or the one next door. You are heard. Justice will not always prevail. But we will continue to fight tooth and nail. You are heard. So that our sisters and daughters will never be asked rather harassed whether they wanted it, regretted, or just forgot. Believe me, no one forgot. . Dear Everyone, This moment is a movement. For every girl to reclaim her place, win every race. For everyone out there, listen in. The system is in demolition, grab ahold of your voice. It’s time to make a choice. To believe survivors. To pay us all the same. To give women of color equal access and opportunity. To care about the safety of trans girls every day. Make the choice to change the climate. Make the choice to not be silent. This is not the day of the girl. This is the future of girlsYou might also likeEmbed