You should've been downtown (Word). The people are rising (For real?). We thought it was a lockdown (What? Yeah). They opened the fire (Man). Them bullets was flyin' (Ooh). Who said it was a lockdown? Goddamn lie (Ugh, look). . [Verse 1: JID]. It's a war going on outside, I swear to God. I'm on the front line, no front, no cap, no fun-size. Sunshine, cinnamon skin. People blend in together and ride side by side, organized. We bust guns at the same time, harmonize (Ooh-ooh). Form a line, pick a lead, take a leap. Lead with love, please, you sound like Dr. King. People tired of taking beatings from beasts covered in sheets. I love niggas, but we too forgiving for how they treating us. Reparations, bit', we tryna get even. Just run the paper maybe, then we can start the conversation. Common ground, prison compounds full of my fuckin' people. How you still sleepin'? Have you had your coffee this evening, Karen?. 'Cause you seem a little off. All the black girls missin' and endin' up inside the coffins. But you mad when they hashtag "BlackLivesMatter" on front your sidewalk. Diabolical thoughts, diatribe from dialogues. Damaging images of men and women who died off. Fighting for civil rights, a simple necessity. Given when you given life, but we been trippin'? Right (Skrrt). [Chorus: Anderson .Paak]. You should've been downtown (Ooh). The people are rising (Ah). We thought it was a lockdown (Shit). They opened the fire (Bah, bah, ooh-wee). Them bullets was flying (Lockdown). Who said it was a lockdown? Goddamn lie. (We ain't gotta stop 'cause they tell us to). . [Post-Chorus: Anderson .Paak]. Downtown, where I got popped with the rubber bullet. Trey-pound, got it in my name now, I'ma shoot it. . [Verse 2: Noname]. Uh, maybe this round two. Government cinematic, American drive-thru. Eat their apple pie in the morning then bury the strange fruit. Then marry the strange fruit and call it the Black love. So when he bleeds, I bleed, the sacred riddle. Ain't no money I can make to make the cops get little. We seen 'em murder the indigenous, the Passage Middle. The Constitution, a life for a bag of Skittles. So when we bleed, I load the sacred pistol. And if you need, I'll read Assata with you. And if you rich, I pray that God forgive you. Supposed to share the garden, grow the Holy in you. Maybe everything is a metaphor, one God. An African liberation is ready to take arms. They telling you, "Stay calm," they double-barrel the shotty. And stand on a graveyard and tell you to slave on. You might also like[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]. Downtown (Down). The people are rising (Look around). We thought it was a lockdown (Shit, lockdown). They opened the fire (Had to get low, fire). Them bullets was flying (Down, down). Who said it was a lockdown? Goddamn lie (Ooh—). . [Verse 3: Jay Rock]. Turn on your tube, dawg, look how they do us. Knee on our necks, bullets in backs, stimulus checks. Strictly for Blacks? History repeating. People scared to eat a chicken, everybody going vegan. What they put in it?. Look at the world we living in, they got us shook in it. You go on your jog, then your color might get you took in it. Man in the mirror, don't look away, you better look at it. Black lives matter, so what it means when they shoot at it?. Generation, genocide, what happened to enterprise?. Heard the man infiltrated, Black Panther, re-energize. Nothin' to figure out, they tryna kill us out. If I take a kneel, see my fist, I'm a killer now?. Just think, bullshit you gotta filter out. Are you really ready for the smoke like a Swishahouse?. Ready for the revolution, who ready to ride?. It won't be televised, so tell me, who ready to die?. Know the difference from a 'pan' and a 'plan'demic. Just a bunch of bullshit, how we land in it?. You either fall for anything or you stand in it. It's a lot going on on this damn mission. Big B.G. used to sell microchips. Now he out here pushing vaccines?. It's 'bout to be another lockdown. Feelin' like D.C., fuck you mean?. [Chorus: Anderson .Paak]. Downtown (Down). The people are risin' (Look around). We thought it was a lockdown (Lockdown). They opened the fire (Had to get low, fire). Them bullets was flyin' (Down, down). Who said it was a lockdown? Goddamn lie (Ooh-wee). . [Post-Chorus: Anderson .Paak]. Lockdown, we ain't gotta stop 'cause they tell us to. Downtown, where I got popped with the rubber bullet. Trey-pound, got it in my name now (Uh), I'ma shoot it. Lockdown, we ain't gotta stop 'cause they tell us to. Downtown. . [Outro]. Citizens of Los Angeles. I hereby declare this to be an unlawful assembly. And in the name of the people of the State of California. I command all those assembled. Right here. On Lomitas Avenue. (Let's go, let's go). Come on, right here3Embed