And to know is to create. And to create is to know the full spiritual value of the mind and body. Then, we create. . [Chorus]. The long awaited, most accommodated. Could never fade it cuz it's always hip hop related. Wack MCs, please, all y'all get annihilated. The LPs and the Peoples called the Dilated. Long Awaited. [Verse 1: Evidence]. Freeze, this shit is outta control. For example, an actor who never snapped out of his role. So many try to hold me back, the end, yo, I prevail. Watch for subliminals cuz devils in the details. 2020 no doubt'll be confusing. Catch the story of my life on VH1 Behind The Music. (Ladies & Gentlemen), The starting line ups at home. We got four emcees and that's five with DJ Romes. . [Verse 2: Wildchild]. B-boy mission in life is to add creativity to the battle scene. Got Dilated to detonate mic weapons for mic check fiends. Yo, Evidence (What's up?) What's that in your hand, is that a guidance missile? (Yes it is). Call up ya man Rak' n tell 'em it's time to blow da spot. With metaphors, lyrically I slap MC's up with my ten inch. Pull rhymes right out my chest like Popeye does spinach. Because my song must stay strong with each bomb that we deploy. Destroy fake decoy B-boys for those who can't avoid. . [Chorus]. The long awaited, most accommodated. Could never fade it cuz it's always hip hop related. Wack MCs, please, all y'all get annihilated. The LPs and the Peoples called the Dilated. Long Awaited. You might also like[Verse 3: Rakaa]. Yo if my peeps' are in the trenches then I'm where the battle is. Rakaa Iriscience A.K.A. the Catalyst. The weight of the world's on my shoulders like I'm Atlas. Dealing with the villainous tactics of the fascists. Real heads gotta rock the Lootpack shit. Defiant Dilated, yo I'll shoot back quick. Vocab like refugees but I call it vocap. Spit it, ventilate 'em, leave 'em layin' on their back. . [Verse 4: Madlib]. It's mostly snakes handin' out contracts. Trying to see where I at. Innovations on the Dilated, Lootpack format. We freak the physic, break emcees on contact. Madlib don't lack, we'll be waitin' for that payback. Y'all better get hittin', your soul when I drop my compound on contact. All that played out shit will have you knocked out in the first round. Cuz too many frauds walkin' around. . [Bridge: Rakaa]. If you're not making ends meet than it's not healthy. To be representin' like the wealthy. If you're not knowin' that my name is Rakaa. Dilated platform representin' with the LPs. [Verse 5: Evidence]. Yo, I take control grab the horse by the mane. I'm that New York type of driver on this L.A. terrain. Make it rain, when it pours we flood, cover your system. Intuitive, straight up, avoided you by instinct. You could take cover, dodge radar detection. But try to dodge weeded out by natural selection. It's finally here, the moment of the long awaited. We represent the West, Lootpack and Dilated. . [Verse 6: Wildchild]. So, better back up cuz DJ Romes is gonna go off and. Bring in a Technics turntable style straight out of his coffin. I'll continue to pull out my menu of styles and bend you. In half and laugh on behalf of my whole Lootpack staff. Brothers be like "I wanna hear y'all ish", at least you've waited. First heard it here, negative criticism is mad appreciated. My direction takes course of a fraudulent, fake endorserer. Thinking he's a dope rhyme style enforcerer (to the world of hip hop). If you don't support, you're amongst those who's gonna get dissed. And dismissed when we come back with 10 times the force of a. . [Verse 7: Madlib]. Earthquake, we laugh in Cali wild so watch the earth shake. From the first take, we pop in your box, the Long Await. We rollin' like Jugganauts, plug in spots. Not talkin' bout runnin' Glocks preparing for incoming stocks. Yo it's the Pack with them Triple Optic kids. While we keep this art real, y'all worry 'bout y'all pocket lids. . [Verse 8: Rakaa]. Hey yo, some are goin' Platinum, skills are still lackin'. I meditate and coach, action like Phil Jackson. Space invaders faded, undisputed Dilated. Highly anticipated, Lootpack, the long awaited. . [Chorus]. The long awaited, most accommodated. Could never fade it cuz it's always hip hop related. Wack MCs, please, all y'all get annihilated. The LPs and the Peoples called the Dilated. Long Awaited. The long awaited, most accommodated. Could never fade it cuz it's always hip hop related. Wack MCs, please, all y'all get annihilated. The LPs and the Peoples called the Dilated. Long Awaited1Embed