. (1X) [Hook: DNA] Cause yah, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, real rap god, real rap god. . [Verse 1: DNA] I'm droppin' the nuclear lyricism, I gotta hit 'em with that chopper flow, I gotta go and prove to everybody I'm the Messiah, must try to murder anybody, thinkin' they can take it from me, dummy better get to runnin' cause I'm comin' for the money and the fame, never trippin' when I flame throw lyrics out the brain, it's a motherfuckin' shame, I'ma hop up on the beat, I'm eatin' 'em with everythin' I'm readin' and leavin' 'em cryin' like a baby in the a-byss, comin' to crush shit with the lyrical, imperial antidote in your cereal, you're fuckin' with a serial killer for-reala, nobody realer, lyrical Meca-Godzilla, I'm the thriller rated X, you'll be dealin' with a hex like Hexane, hell of an unforgettable Texan, who's next in line, bitch? Ya better get to wreckin', I'm steppin' in your section, I'm the cannibal, the Hannibal Lecter, the animal that's eatin' on your mandible, it's tender,  bump into ya like a fender bender, take the microphone and I'm leavin' 'em rendered, send a heat seekin' missile through your window, better remember who the DNA is, I might take you to a place where you wouldn't wanna play kid, you're fuckin' with a King named David, 'bout to put your face in the pavement, I'm here to get my payment, ya better never say shit, don't want another basic MC tryna spit a rap, I can't take it, I'm 'bout to snatch 'em right up outta the motherfuckin' Matrix and put 'em in an ancient play pen, I'm choppin' on the beat, ain't no time for pacin', I'm givin' mind abrasions cause I'm amazin' and I'm uprisin' any motherfucker steppin' on the microphone, I'm 'bout to bring it to the motherfuckin' do-o-ome. . (2X) [Hook: DNA] Cause yah, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, real rap god, real rap god. . [Verse 2: DNA] I'm just lookin' up into the sky and I pray to the lord that I see another day again, I'm layin' in my bed, I look up another dope beat, I'm slavin' in this lab again, in a mental facility with no patternin', thinkin' 'bout my past, sometimes I wish I could act like an ass again, will I ever get to do it? Ain't no askin' when cause I'm older now, I got responsibilities, I gotta hold it down, too many thoughts in my head, I gotta flow 'em out, I was foldin' out that lawn chair on top of a mountain jammin' that Gift and that Alpha and that Omega, raised up on Bizzy Bone, I never owned a Super Nintendo or a Sega, I just let that inspiration fill my body up until I'm hot enough to where I'm ready to bust, release heat, straight slaughter stuff and I don't wanna give the wrong impression, I thank God for my blessings even though I'm steppin' with an odd reflection, not investin' in the right stuff, I hope I'm not headin' in the wrong direction, but I saw myself in jail on two numerous occasions, never prison cause I got two daughters and I gotta be there for 'em to listen to my advise, I gotta give 'em knowledge and wisdom cause I don't want 'em pulled like wisdom teeth into the pool of "isms" like Satanism Plagiarism, signin' their names to the Devil and givin' their entire lives away, that's why I'm speakin' on the mic today, I gotta find a way through these rhymes, I'll never give my mind away, just spread my wings and fly away to a higher place 'til I find my place. . (2X) [Hook: DNA] Cause yah, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, real rap god, real rap god. [Verse 3:DNA] And I know I need to quit, but I put another dip in my lip and dip out, jammin' that Rittz and Brotha Lynch, the shit's loud, any motherfucker talkin' shit 'bout it, I'ma run up on 'em with the lyricism, grab their tongue and rippin' it out, so simmer down cause every single minute that I'm in it, I'ma leave 'em diminished cause I'm a wordplay minister, Mr. Tru Ripster, formerly known as Mr. Tru Lyricist and I'm serious with everythin' I'm spittin' on the microphone, if I'd have known I'd be so dedicated, what ya mean if I'd have known? I knew it back in the day from the moment I started, sittin' in my bed with the pad and the pen at 4 in the mornin' and I'm writin' to nothin', didn't even have a beat or instrumental to keep the tempo, did I stop? Hell no, bitch, still I was bustin', kill 'em, it's nothin', it's the lyric molester, feel what I'm touchin' 'til I'm blowin' up like a spontaneous human combustion, bloom from the dust and I came back to life again cause I'm a rap god and I ain't even gotta rap hard to hack off your back, so back off 'fore we slap box like Eminem said, Eminem's fed, you're rappin' fast, but you can't top the lyricism in his Infinite album, before he was famous, he was killin' it proudly and that's what I'm doin' now, so if you wanna come and test it, we can do it over the Net or you can meet me here in Texas, 903 Tyler, Texas, Morningside, leave ya horrified, I'ma leave you mortified from the skill, take 'em to the lyrical apex cause I don't play, bitch, DNA's gonna kill anybody, if somebody thinkin' their bringin' it better, I'm runnin' up in the game, comin' to get 'em, murkin' 'em, fire at will. . (2X) [Hook: DNA] Cause yah, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, y'all are fuckin' with the real rap god, real rap god, real rap godYou might also like1Embed