Open up shop, I had to pay on these bills. Might had to sell a lil-. I don't feel hungry enough. Might have to skip on some meals. My circle small like a cell, I'm hard to kill I'm like Cell (Dragon ball). Don't talk about it on cell, I do what I like, it don't sell. Sometimes when you mumble it sound like Bawitdaba wa dang da dang, Kid Rock. Put the lit end in my mouth, that's why I spit hot. Basically untouchable, got a fast hitbox. Have to pay to live on Earth, that's why I'm pissed off. It's not weird, it's just hot guys in Speedos. I like Slim Jims and I like hot Cheetos. And the packs always loud, cause the plug wears tie dye. I was smoking in the bathroom and they kicked me out the Five Guys. How you on thе net hating but you in the crib with your feet dirty?. Don't play tough, get chеwed through like beef jerky. You said you didn't suck dick so why are your knees dirty?. [Chorus]. I go super sonic like a new Sega. Running through your house like a Tomb Raider. Mambo No. 5 like Lou Bega. Mambo 500 feel like Lou Bega. . [Verse 2: William Crooks]. Pissing on 'em like newspapers. Seen 'em on the 10 o'clock news, no news anchors. Unpack the truck but I don't have no neighbors. Rolled up a gram, had to use like two papers. Sole out, my feet dragging. Showing my ass it's 'cause my jeans sagging. Talk a quick game, so why you keep lagging?. Pack loud, I siphoned gas out of a G-Wagon (You goin' to jail). Mac and cheese with the Popeyes (Chicken). Church was involved, mob ties (Clipping). Kick 'em in the face, Muay Thai. . [Refrain: William Crooks]. I'm doin hot girl shit (Thought crimes). I'm doin hot girl shit (Thought crimes). I'm doin hot girl shit (Thought crimes). Fuck you mean (Fuck do you mean?). I'm just doing hot girl shit (Facts!). You might also like[Verse 3: William Crooks]. Had to take a mop out, it smell like piss in here. Still 25, high dose had me skipping years. '93 til infinity or my deathbed. See me on tour like a deadhead. Don't buy shampoo, I don't have time for bedhead. Fuck money, big ass guillotine, that's how you get head. If you get hungry, how do you get fed?. Million ways to die, how do you get dead?. All this wet on like a flash flood. It's not a coupe, it's a gas truck. Coughing so loud, pull my mask up. Nobody saw cause my mask up. No competition, just mascots. All this wet on like a flash flood. It's not a coupe, it's a gas truck. Coughing so loud, pull my mask up. Nobody saw cause my mask up. No competition, just mascots. (Quickly)Embed