. Aight, it’s time to get in. Now where should I begin?. To run back the ratchetness to 2010. Profound Sounds, ya’ll cut the track up. I’ma get it in, this the 2010 Rap Up!. . Now Waka Flocka went hard and got shot in the paint. Kelis went a little harder, took Nas to the bank. All that bread on the monthly, son that’s crazy. Did I mention the fact she only had one baby?. Then the quake hit Haiti and left us in awe. So pray for them and pray you never see the things they saw. We Are The World got made just to donate bucks. No “I” in we though, I just think we fucked that up. Sade came back and blessed the world with a gift. John Mayer went there and let the N-word slip. And Yung Berg got robbed by his peers. It’s not ’09 though, he just seems to do that every year. 50 Cent tried to take out Ross. Look like it ain’t work Fif, you might have to take that loss. Rozay, he had some heat. Had everybody from the ‘burbs thinking they was Big Meech. Ross had a good year, that’s fact. But him bagging Stacey Dash?. Mmm, I don’t know ’bout that. Now I might sound thirsty. But Erykah Badu’s video? Wooh, Lord have mercy. And I don’t mean to sound foul. But if I could hit that, I’d dress up like a clown right now. So don’t tempt me. And nobody had one. But we was rapping ’bout Beamer, Benz and Bentleys. Mel Gibson, Spazzed out for real. Idiots of the year? BP, for the oil spill. And Wayne went to jail for his gat. They said he had a music player, where he hide that at?. No matter where you looked, it was hard to miss Drake. But easy to miss 50 when he lost that weight. LeBron made a decision, that move was bold. But he had to take the heat once the Heat got cold. Hey Cleveland, I’ll holler. ‘Bron’s the reason a hot dog in Cleveland will cost ya 84 dollars. The iPhone prototype, that got jacked. Shout to rappers that was dumb enough to touch Kat Stacks. I know what you thinking kid. And no, I didn’t touch her, but I know a lot of rappers that did. Kanye had Twitter going nuts. Man y’all funny, since when you cared about the World Cup?. Facebook, talk of the town. And don’t lie, you know you was crying right along with Chris Brown. But in the new year, what I don’t wanna see. Is Montana Fishburne or a movie in 3D. And Swizz wifed Alicia Keys. The volcano cloud had me and Jazzy Jeff stuck overseas. And rappers, they weren’t exciting. But I’d hate to see your parents if you came out looking like 50 Tyson. And Antoine Dodson, that was that was just trife. With all that “Hide ya kids and hide ya wife”. Man, the industry sucks. Cause we started off laughing at both of them. But now they laughing at us. I’m just asking. How Lady Gaga can wear some raw meat?. But y’all call that fashion. And Fantasia, she went the suicide route. Oh, you gon kill yourself? Before your album come out?. Lil Wayne came home like jail was a fad. They sold us big iPhones and they called ‘em iPads. And we all got barraged. By the many faces and many voices of Nicki Minaj. Old girl got it in. And before the year was over she was already beefing with Kim. Lindsay Lohan, behind bars. I guess I wasn’t supposed to notice that a dancer won Dancing With the Stars. The Census came tryna get the count right. And Paris Hilton, well she got caught with the white. And Petey Pablo need a reverend. Dawg, a gun? in an airport? on 9/11?. Obama still tryna do his thing. They caught T.I. with three pills and sent him back to the bing. Miley Cyrus had us at a loss for words. A lot of y’all got addicted to Angry Birds. The miners got freed live on TV. Y’all coulda gave ‘em something, maybe a Double Down from KFC. YouTube views, that could get ya some bread. Ask that lil white boy with the real big head. Usher came back, and still claiming king. He signed Justin Bieber though, can you say cha-ching?. Willow whipped her hair, and hit the perfect score. Rather see hers than anybody on Jersey Shore. Republicans, ha, they still tripping. A Wikileak? nah, where I’m from man, we call that snitching. Raz B and Chris Brown they had some words. I got three for Raz B – You got served!. I hear a lot of Rap Ups getting made for real. Ehhh, he’s all right, but he’s not Skillz. With that being said, I send a R.I.P. To Guru, Gary Coleman and Miss Teena Marie. Apache, Eyedea, and Lena Horne the star. Huddy Combs, Hideo, and Kool DJ Law. May they all rest in heaven. The Rap Up is wrapped up. I’ll catch y’all in 2011You might also like2Embed