I’m so good off hunnids. I don’t want em if it’s not a mill. Codeine bloodline, bitch I bleed Texas. Sho you right Ray Ray. Bitch I’m legitimate, had to get rid of her. Flossing talkin shit you lost me. Hockey game that stick stay on me. Game of thrones and crown and royal. Hoyas but my dogs ain’t go to Georgetown. Nobody graduated nigga. I just need some cap and gown that bitch. Infatuated. Where yo face at? Need that ASAP. These my niggas got my back like a tatt. Bitch you a rat. Look here lil boy, bitch we on yo mutha fuckin head. Like baseball caps nigga stay on that shit. Drip like Baptisms nothin fancy. We petty as fuck, we will go tit for tat. Then be right back. Label me mutha fuck yo couch and bitch sips tea bitch lemme breathe abbreviate that shit. You O-P-P that’s treacherous for your nature. Chupacabra. T-Rauma , we are drama. Couple more flips for the fam. Lot more livin can’t tell. Star bangled banner in wraith. How many bitches can I take?. Five. All my dogs stray. Drugs, money basic bitch ain’t even worth a dime. Fuck wit me or get out the way. I see bull shit from a mile away. Sharks. These niggas hoe cake cuz that do’ up nigga. Money move around wit my go up niggas. Snakes so it’s low cut nigga. We ain’t playin tennis but that bracelet look like it been winning. I just scuffed my vans not from skating, because I do grind. Still got this shit locked. And I got yo bitch , starring at this watch the only time I’m facing time. Doors go up way I grew up ain’t safe to shine. Bitter nigga , hardest in the litter. Dog we keep a K and 9. Put some red on yo head like Chaka Khan. Still selling meds in my terrain eating baklava. Talk ain’t cheap when diamonds in ya mouth. Nigga , ha ha ha. Shoe box money crumbled bundle still spend. Etoufee with F you say , don’t care for labels. Few flavors I’m clocking in. Diamonds dancing doing the macarena. Rocking a bandanna, countin bandz in my. Pan-jamas. All these bags I should be Santa. Sleighing a hoe, her nose red cuz she like to play in the snow. Smoke cookies, it’s beginning to look a lot like a trap house. Zombies in ambercrombie. Like mummies the way it’s wrapped up. See through the fog , you think it’s a augmentation the way it’s wrapped up. These niggas hoe cake cuz that doe up niggaYou might also likeEmbed