. [Pre-Chorus]. Some might say we're armed and dangerous. Pay the price of the life every night but it ain't enough. Pain is the name of the game when they play with us. Say what you say but that lane ain't the same for us. . [Chorus]. Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". [Pre-Chorus]. Some might say we're armed and dangerous. Pay the price of the life every night but it ain't enough. Pain is the name of the game when they play with us. Say what you say but that lane ain't the same for us. . [Verse 1]. We all bend the rules, we know what to do. We got nothing to lose, got nothing to prove. We all bend the truth, take a walk in our shoes. We just wanna cruise, nothing to prove. . [Chorus]. Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". . [Verse 2]. Mama, look at where a nigga at. I can see I'm slipping through the cracks. Feeling like a fucking captain, I'm smashing the pedal. I ain't never looking back. All I really ever wanted, to be honest. Was to put my niggas on and now we running it. This shit was never really promised to me. So I probably should be acting like a nigga humble. You gotta love it when you know you got the fucking juice in this motherfucker. That's why we ride like troops through this motherfucker. Sunset, no roof in this motherfucker. Tommy Lee, Motley Crue in this motherfucker. Okay, now hold up, wait a minute. Y'all ain't let me finish. Fuck you mean, this all about my niggas. Fuck them other niggas and these bitches. Tell 'em that we winning, we the new religion. Rolling and they tied up in the Benz. With all our windows tinted, still though. You might also like[Chorus]. Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord". Unforgiven, riding down Sunset Boulevard with my niggas. Screaming "Oh, my lord"9Embed