I know the world won't give me nothing, so I gotta take it. And I know it's a way we can win, why nobody say it. It don't matter where we from, suburbs or the slums. They don't wanna see us winning, they rather keep us dumb. 'Cause in a world where we don't know how. Don't let them tell you that your vote don't count. . [Verse: YelloPain]. First things first. You know back in middle school when they told us. It was three branches of the government, we forgot it when we got older. It's the judicial, the legislative and executive, but all we know is the executive. That's the mayor or the governor and the president. Now none of them three people make no laws, they just be checking them. The laws come to their desks and all they do is say no or yes to it. So when the news station tried to tell us that Barack Obama couldn't put us on. We was all salty at Obama when it was the congress members all along. We gotta focus on the legislative branch, yeah they the ones that make the laws. Yeah they the ones right how much food stamps money you get on the card. But when people that wanted to help us, wanted the job I know they probably lost. 'Cause we ain't even know they name win or they face we know at all. So the congress or the state house, that's legislative they make laws. So what we want from the president is what they do, okay y'all?. See the election every two years, but we'll never even go to those. The congress they can raise minimum wage but we ain't even really know it though. So you know back in '08, when we all voted for Obama. We was all supposed to go back in 2010 and vote for the congress. 'Cause they the ones make child support laws. They don't wanna choose if your kids at school get to eat steak or corn dogs. The state house make the court costs. So if the country failed then you can't say it's them, it's your fault. 'Cause y'all ain't know to vote for congress members that was for y'all. And they don't gotta leave after four years and we just let them sit. See they don't wanna tell you this, they want you to focus on the president. Now the third branch is the judicial, that's judges. They the reason why John Crawford and Trayvon had justice. So when Meek Mill got locked up just for popping wheelies we blame the judge and not the city. When they let her get voted in. 'Cause they know who to vote against. Imagine life on the other side, woes better, schools better. Everybody get their license back, groceries store food better. Custody of your kids back, homeless people get new shelters. If we gonna fix the US, we gotta start with them two letters. Me and you, somebody told us that the government wanna keep us broke. But the only reason why those people in the government is 'cause we ain't vote. And I ain't talking 'bout the president. I'm talking 'bout the ones we ain't know. See they was gonna try keep it low. But it's gonna hurt 'em when they see them polls. [Chorus: Sevyn Streeter]. I know the world won't give me nothing, so I gotta take it. And I know it's a way we can win, why nobody say it. It don't matter where we from, suburbs or the slums. They don't wanna see us winning, they rather keep us dumb. 'Cause in a world where we don't know how. Don't let them tell you that your vote don't countYou might also likeEmbed