My Lord, I have read this book so many times. But nowhere can I find the page that says. What I experienced today has any grace. . [Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]. Now I know that life is meant to be hard. That's how I learned to appreciate my God. Though my courage may be tried, I can tell you I won't hide. Because the footprints show you were by my side. [Chorus: Aretha Franklin]. You can lie to a child with a smiling face. Tell me that color ain't about a race. You can cast the first stone, you can break my bones. But you're never gonna break, you're never gonna break my faith. Faith and hope ain't yours to give. Truth and liberty are mine to live. Steal a crown from a king, break an angels wings. But you're never gonna break, you're never gonna break my faith. . [Verse 2: Aretha Franklin & Mary J. Blige]. My Lord, won't you help them, help them, help them to understand. That when someone takes the life of an innocent man, woo. Well, they never really won because all they've really done. Is set the soul free where it's supposed to be. . [Chorus: Aretha Franklin]. You can lie to a child with a smiling face. Tell me that color ain't about a race. You can cast the first stone, you can break my bones. But you're never, you're never gonna break my faith. Faith and hope ain't yours to give. Truth and liberty are mine to live. Steal a crown from a king, break an angel's wings. But you're never gonna break, you're never gonna break my faith. You might also like[Bridge: Aretha Franklin & Mary J. Blige]. For those we lose before their time. I pray their souls will find the light. I know that the day will surely come. When his will, His will will be done. Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, oh yeah. Oh yeah, it will be. . [Outro: Aretha Franklin & Mary J. Blige]. You're never gonna break my faith. Oh yeah. He will, He will, He will. Never gonna break my faith. You're never gonna break my faith, never, never. I'll keep holding on, I'll keep holding on. Never, never, never. Never, never. Never, never, never, never, never, never. You're never gonna break my faith. Oh yeah, ain't gonna break my faith. Never, never1Embed