It wasn’t him, but capitalist-religion who fired the gun to start the slave race,. Through our book’s  gates into the blue chemical gasses of our TV screens, he slipped away,. “It wasn’t me,” “It wasn’t me!”. We can’t conceive why, until we listen to his screams,. Why, Europeans raced their slave-ships. To the shores of Ottoman Islamists,. And when they did,. Pope Nicholas the 5th stabbed his pen in sin. And twisted the word, permissive into a holey script.. We can’t conceive why,. Puritan Judas goats whispered, “We’re different,”. Two by two, the overseers starved and whipped them,. The multiracial lambs,. Until they built an old system on new land,. But, black slaves and white servants rebelled,. They torched Jamestown until every slaughterhouse and church smelled of hell,. And from the fear of losing their riches,. The elite mixed social darwinism with religion to create a piece of science fiction,. And encrypted within this contradiction was race’s beginnin’ .... Can you hear her screams? Shh listen!. . The same tales of the crypt,. Written by Pope Nicholas the 5th,. Boiled Columbus’ grip,. As he burned 13 native kids at a time,. To worship the twelve and Christ.. . When he arrived,. 12-15 million Native Americans were living,. By 1890, less than 250,000 were existing,. The scalp-hunting market was started by the English,. Then the state invested $900,000 to make sure the marksman hit his target - more than permission, it was listed business,. £40 for a man, 20 for the women,. 10 for a child - it was a political prescription,. Eclipsin’ the average wage until farmers were tunnel-visioned,. US Troops disfigured and killed 700 at Sand Creek,. Roosevelt was thrilled - no sign of cold feet:. “As a righteous and beneficial a deed,. As ever took place on the frontier” said he,. No cords of a conscience, just wires of greed. Eyes don’t bleed in the machined sphere,. Because it’s never the upper-class white man who cries a Trail of Tears.. Conveniently, in 1948, after the natives’ bones squealed and yearned, oil churned, uranium overturned to make the already-surrendered Japanese burn,. The UN were ready to define genocide in legal terms,. In the same year, the nation of Israel was birthed,. It crawled out of a betrayed and mutilated womb. To gain reinforcements, Lloyd George had promised Palestinians liberty, water, food,. But when the Ottoman’s were slew,. Britain delivered renewed tombs,. Sold Zionist’s a refuge,. And captioned the transaction, “Sympathy for Jews,”. 750,000 Muslims were moved into refugee rooster coops,. Let the celebrations begin,. Said Menachem Begin as the dynamite met the fuse,. Just under The King David Hotel’s roof,. He was then elected for erecting. What he described as, “an act of  conquest, splendid,”. Since then,. 120 billion dollars has been injected to keep the new Bantustans fenced-in,. Federal investments stay glazed in the remnants of a mother’s smothered lenses. As she miscarries while being held at a military checkpoint for questionin’,. And as he dresses this oppression,. What accent is entrenched’in Netanyahu’s congested intention?. Is that an American suburb or an Israeli settlement in the swimming pools reflection?. Meanwhile, polluted water breeds kidney infection,. On the other side of the modern ghetto’s concrete fences,. Two state solution or one sided dependence?. . Jefferson valued them as “equal to the white man” at the start of the game,. But they danced for borderless wind and frivolous rain,. Marched for the past belonging to the terrain,. And kneeled not to trade,. Not to the institutionalized gust which lusted for gain,. And so they were changed by the white-frame,. From equals to uncivilized savages - raid after raid,. Until the white mast reigned,. But today,. As they dig tunnels or dig graves,. They are no longer called savages, terrorist is the name.. The media continues to repeat,. Neoliberal themes of White-to-Africa or white-to-the-Middle-East philanthropy,. Without mentioning  how Christian leaders conceived such dependency,. So that “piece of the oppressor which is planted deep within us” remains unseen,. The preacher calls the water holy,. But really, an elixir named social alexithymia,. Is sipped and passed by the beleaguered,. At the feet of a white Jesus.. . [Damien]: Wake up mothafucka x2,. You will be dead before you know it,. Sleep is the cousin of death,. And we all know how much America enjoys its sleep,. But for those who are awake,. It’s time to peak,. If what's understood doesn’t need to be explained,. Why, when alarms go off, you push the snooze button,. Why when I say The Privileged -. Who are the masters of war, and who have perfected genocide,. Created a system to maximize profit off each human - dead or alive,. Systemically designed to wipe out your history and accept oppression,. Give you 5 years probation – “I hope you learned yo’ lesson”,. But you dont care if it ain’t you.. Wrong.. As you lie comfortably asleep at night,. While that gun is pointed at yo’ head and that rope around yo' neck is getting tighter,. You’re the fuse to the bomb and I am the lighter.. . If 1 plus 1 equals 2,. Does capitalism plus race equal you?. Are both ideas created to subdue,. This world’s so sick,. How much for a vaccine? I got the flu.. . How do you feel,. Knowing the result of you're life now was dictated on the actions of white supremists,. With this hegemonic masculinity of patriarchy?. Creating a racial net of different intersectionalities of oppression,. Has evolved  into a more proficient form,. So instead of real beef, they feed you corn,. Pumped into society's media, culture, and beliefs,. Like this gold chain around my neck gon’ make it any easier sleep,. In the words of Angela Davis: “Are the prisons obsolete?”. . In an era of color blindness,. We seem to see  more colors than a crayon box,. So yo’ race and class,. Highly dictates yo’ path,. Death in prison on genocidal television,. But, “if Obama can become President, why can’t you?. If you work hard you too can wear this suit”,. Because them two job just to pay for education,. Has now stricken the nation,. And them prisons is booming,. Meanwhile, these corporate politicians is kooling,. Man I’m just feeling like Nike, “Just Do It”,. . It’s crazy to not to oppose the system,. They don’t even want you in the system –. Only behind them bars,. Seperate from our’s,. But equal to nothing,. They want my brother and my cousin,. Because my Father wasn’t enough,. Associate the black men with evil - conceptual handcuffs,. ‘Preservation through Transformation’,. Is the process in which white privilege is maintained,. So whether you’ a slave or you work, it’s all the same,. Controlling stereotypes, and the media seems to do great at cutting potential,. So instead of becoming a doctor,. I’ma’ just smoke this medical marijuana,. Now my vision is blurred,. And there is blood on my boots,. Try’na connect to my roots,. But it’s hung like a noose,. If you accept what is done,. It will never cease to succumb,. The oppressed must stand as one,. Unify: Let peace be thy gun,. Because change has begun,. And only then can you see the sun,. And that’s real.. . [Damien]: This colorblindness is the 6 million immigration deportations,. [Jeremy]: The inflated commodification of start-in-the-middle narrations,. [Damien]: Nostalgic mass incarceration,. [Jeremy]: The nullifcation of our contemplation,. [Damien]: Urban gentrification, conscious debasement,. [Jeremy]: The colonization of our imagination.. . [Damien]: This colorblindness is pollution,. Justification to a bad solution,. COINTELPRO, Plessy versus Ferguson, the Northwood Operation,. Trapped in an illusion from this God forsaken nation.. . . [Jeremy]: This colorblindness is chasing the money career,. And the happy ever after wife and kids,. While my life is deemed more valuable than his.Embed