No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops (Hold on!), no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. . [Verse 1]. Police cars on fire in the streets. Tear gas and the dogs on a leash. The scene seem like somethin' in the sixties. They takin' knees like Monica Lewinsky. They beating women like Bobby did Whitney. That's why the only blue we salute is to Nipsey. Juneteenth barbecue at the precinct. Hanging by the pigtails, burned down Wendy's. Strange fruits still swingin' from the trees. White folks protesting 'cause they can't leave. Try twenty-five to life, that's a real quarantine. They just take the mask off when they can't breathe. But we got officers knees in our esophagus. Face blue 'cause he running out of oxygen. Got his brains blew by one of his accomplices. Add you to the list of his accomplishments. He came forward in the night, now we're mourning. Black fist up to no-knock warrants. But the fascism ain't the only army warrin'. Look at the way the patriarchy took and tore him. Look at the blood, the streets filled with teardrops. I ain't slavin' for 'em, I ain't 'bout to share crop. Pissed off, my wrist lock in gridlock. I'm with this shits, nigga, 'til the bullshit stop. [Chorus]. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more tears. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more tears. . [Verse 2]. I'm tired of only seein' niggas at the funeral. Tired of learnin' my homie's name at the eulogy. I'm tired of wearin' suits, man, this ain't suitable. I'm tired of runnin', but the cops keep shooting me. Niggas dyin' and we still buyin' jewelry. Nigga, this ain't the time for the tomfoolery. A sign of the times, shit ain't what it used to be. I throw a hoodie on, look at what they do to me. .223 cocked, I don't need a handout. This Wall Street, we done got a bailout. They try to tell us to believe in the government. But even when Barack is president, niggas had to sell rocks. One out of fifteen niggas in the cell block. The other fourteen, don't nobody care about. I'm in the courtroom pullin' my hair out. 'Cause I get another year for each one of my dreadlocks. At times, you gotta fight back to get your life back. But if you fight back, you might get your life jacked. And just to fight back, you gotta have the right stack. 'Cause Johnny Cochran gonna hit you with the price tag. Malcolm X, Huey Newton, they don't like that. Hell, hell nah, they don't like that. First nigga try to hit me with a nightstick. I'm going for my clip, I ain't goin' out like that. You might also like[Chorus]. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more tears. No more teardrops, no more teardrops. No more teardrops, no more tears. . [Bridge]. Can you feel that pain? (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Can you feel that pain? (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Can you feel that pain? (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Say, "It's time for a change!" (Yeah, yeah, yeah). Can you feel that pain?  (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Can you feel that pain? (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Can you feel that pain? (Shake 'em, shake 'em, shake 'em off). Say, "It's time for a change!". I know I'm at war. All I ever wanted to do was live without fear. (All he ever wanted, wanted). Now I'm all tied up (All tied up). With nowhere to go (Nowhere to go, oh). . [Outro: Malik Yusef]. Spiritual negro, keeper of the cult. Mahogany Holy Ghost (I hear). Of the long-forgotten South (I hear). First I assert my memory, rockin' my moccasins (I hear). They observed I had a cottonmouth, when I spoke (I hear). I spit fire that was stored up in my bones, then I smoke  (I hear). Listen loc, all skin-folk ain't't your kinfolk. It's what I kept my dome on a swivel for in this, uncivil war. They want me to shut up and dribble more. Black soil, got rich from the dirt. Struggle, marriage, still engaged in combat. Looking for real, I'm that and I'm Nat. Turing a burner into a hot plate to feed my youngins. Indeed they thuggin'Embed