There's no peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I stay. I find peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I lay. From block to block, I'm raising stock. You only really find me where the love at. From block to block, the corner's hot. You only really find me where the love at. And we good baby. Started smoking, started drinking and it's fluid baby. I just touched down in my city, love is fluent baby. I can't help it. I'm just out here getting to it baby, getting to it baby. (From block to block the corners hot). (You only find me where the love at). [Verse 1]. Ay what is love?. Pain? The aim for people that lack faith in the game?. I see it, I been through it, you know it. I ain't the same youngin' out fool with poets. I got tools for it. I seen fam have to post on the corner. Ain't no politickin' a hood full of foreigners. Ink mean more to the man than the word. Pen gotta bleed 'fore you ever see the verb. Come through. Let me show you what a young do. Show up late to the block like a post move. And I ain't gotta sell cane for the produce. It's some different bout a man, that can show proof. Uh, I'm just looking for my guardian angel. Find peace in the streets cause the money'll change you. And while I'm looking for my guardian angel. Need peace in the city cause the love'll change you, that's real!. . [Hook]. There's no peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I stay. I find peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I lay. From block to block, I'm raising stock. You only really find me where the love at. From block to block, the corner's hot. You only really find me where the love at. And we good baby. Started smoking, started drinking and it's fluid baby. I just touched down in my city, love is fluent baby. I can't help it. I'm just out here getting to it baby, getting to it baby. (From block to block the corners hot). (You only find me where the love at). You might also like. [Verse 2]. Ay what is love?. Same thing why the man sell drugs. Learn that weed never concern that, burn that. I ain't learn when I came up. We could raise a bar when we link up. Make promises, pay homage, and leave damages. Been the words and I'll take you to the stand with me. Ain't too much playing with me, movin with the family. A young claud with his sanity. Poppies on san gorgio, you ain't understanding me. I'm tryna put you in this canopy. Lights low, give a toast to the family. And we ain't supposed to have thoughts like this. They wanna see you catch a body for a brick. Black male with a tent that's it. Lines still the same, I'm just reading they script. Young nigga. . [Hook]. There's no peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I stay. I find peace in the city where I come from. I need peace in the city where I lay. From block to block, I'm raising stock. You only really find me where the love at. From block to block, the corners hot. You only really find me where the love at. And we good baby. Started smoking, started drinking and it's fluid baby. I just touched down in my city, love is fluent baby. I can't help it. I'm just out here getting to it baby, getting to it baby. (From block to block the corners hot). (You only find me where the love at). [Outro]. (There's no peace in the city where I come from). (I need peace in the city where I stay). (I find peace in the city where I come from). (I need peace in the city where I lay). (From block to block I'm raising stock). (You only really find me where the love at). (From block to block the corner's hot). (You only really find me where the love at)Embed