You been confusing since the day I met you. Another night chasing, this feels like home. Since I've been miles away, no change. Outsider inside looking dazed. Just wash the glitter off your face and go home. Winter sun throwing shadows long and lonesome. How strange to think that we were strangers once. At square one. I guess it's on me, I want more than I've got. But I can't ask you for the things you don't feel. Don't—. [Pre-Chorus]. 'Cause I don't want no fake love, fake love, fake love. I don't wanna know no fake friends, forced smiles, or favors. And I don't wanna know no fake love, fake love, fake love. Just say what you wanna say, yeah. . [Chorus]. And I'll still be there. It's easy when you've nothing to lose. And I'll still be there. 'Cause I've got nowhere else, yeah. . [Verse 2]. Yeah, she told me love me fast but take it slow. I said I'm going nowhere fast as hell. And keeping with the times we gotta keep it on the low. Midnight habits burning through the summer since the snow, and. I finally feel myself again. It's been so long, I thought I'd seen the end. But I guess you need ends to begin again. And again, and again. 'Cause this is nothing we ain't seen before. I lived through it, I ain't overdosed. The sky is falling like it always does. So I guess we'll see if someone's watching over us. So let it rain. The clouds look heavy, but they bear no weight. The scars can't hurt you and the bruises will fade, yes. You might also like[Pre-Chorus]. And I don't want no fake love, fake love, fake love. I don't wanna know no fake friends, forced smiles, or favors. And I don't wanna know no fake love, fake love, fake love. Just say what you wanna say. . [Chorus]. And I'll still be there. It's easy when you've nothing to lose. And I'll still be there. 'Cause I've got nowhere else. . [Outro]. And I don't want no fake love, fake love, fake love. I don't wanna know no fake friends, forced smiles, or favors. And I don't wanna know no fake love, fake love, fake love. Just say what you wanna say, yeah11Embed