. Yeah I like to stand out, shaking in the winter cities cold, pressure so I bear down, adrenaline is in my centerfold. . Dna constructed, temperture erupted. In my city structure everything is froze, chosen to be the born fuel, 2nd chance I could've warned you, calm down sip this orange juice, born in sin I ripped the horns loose, state documented by the immigrants, walking round feeling militant, I can smell and see the ill intent, another plane is where my spirit lives, who the hell done let billy in, you gonna regret the day silly ann, gathered us round making millions, I know there memory of walking sam, why you they call em Uncle Sam, cause fam ain't from the mother land, ducking and dodging the body cams, birth certificates oh not again, change the direction your naughty grin, Cause I am the one you will not befriend, I rather die not having oxygen, hurricane dorian knocking winds, no signature from pocket pens, people might say I'm over confident, i learn from history. A murder mystery, chokeholds, doors turning with the keys, it's an emergency when I don't sleep, adrenaline pushing we so weak, yah lift the chin rise soldier, pay attention to thoses eye rollers, haters traiters now your times over, everything is clearer that my eyes are older. . Chorus x2. . Yeah I like to stand out, shaking in the winter cities cold, pressure so I bear down, adrenaline is in my centerfold. Verse 2. . Pressure is my middle name indeed, most the music is rated E. Sometimes I lack emotion facially, don't I  fit the description you rated me, when I'm looking at the angry you , I can see the sleeping hate in me, tame the beast, other aim defeat, grapple gun I reach, every day complete, mansa musa on my task list, I'm not afraid of taking cash risk, especially gold of the bankruptcy, pleasures the treasure I had to grip, old knowledge, 1800s, authorship, horse and buggy days anonymous, put this on cd modern disc, cold fall days I tolerate, when it's come to knowledge this is not a race, Moorish couldn't see myself out of place, Nationality published I calibrate, pulling in members from out of state, working on a national database, I look at Mohammed I have his faith, its now or never or procrastinate, I emp attack their static gate, find my way out the unholy scatter maze, no shortcuts climbing gathered crates, go to the land of imagination, meditative, you won't see the traffic paint, only what you etch a sketch in thought, manifest a stable mind is the cost, how you got there, where you going boss, uplift fallen humanity don't get lost..... . Chorus x2. . Yeah I like to stand out, shaking in the winter cities cold, pressure so I bear down, adrenaline is in my centerfoldYou might also likeEmbed