Oh you don't like my style? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my lyrics? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my politics? (OK dude). Do you even know what knowledge is? (OK dude). Oh now they want to mention me? (OK dude). So now they want to censor me (OK dude). Tiger blood and dragon energy and I control my legacy. And I got friends and enemies. . [Verse 1]. I'm working hard to make a milli baby, flow is never weezy. Couple hundred thousand fans and it all started with a CD. Used to hustle on the street and now they see me on the TV. Going viral like corona so they try to quarantine me. A couple real celebrities but most of them are frauds. Tell you how I really feel because my only fear is God. They be lying on the media and lying through the mob. Haters simp on social media they've never seen abroad. I be coming to America like Semmi and Akeem. I'm uniting black and white and brown like Martin Luther's dream. And I get around the internet like presidential memes. And I did it independently I never had a team. You've come a long way, please don't go commercial now. Careful with your words, don't be controversial now. Win and nothing less, F a victimhood mentality. Cuz I am not oppressed and that's a check to your reality. [Chorus]. Oh you don't like my style? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my lyrics? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my politics? (OK dude). Do you even know what knowledge is? (OK dude). Oh now they want to mention me? (OK dude). So now they want to censor me (OK dude). Tiger blood and dragon energy and I control my legacy. And I got friends and enemies. . [Verse 2]. They say 'be open minded' but they tell you how to live. That's how you ended with drag queens reading to your kids. My soul cannot be bought and what I'm speaking is the truth. So I won't silence every thought while they indoctrinate the youth. I think socialism sucks and every government is shady. I'm not down with open borders, I'm not cool with killing babies. There aren't infinite genders and man can't be a lady. And you know that it's the truth, so why you looking at me crazy?. I'm tired of your -isms, I'm bored of all your -phobias. I am not a bigot just cuz I don't smoke what's smoking ya. Shame and calling names the only thing you can invoke. But we can talk about the system if you really think you're 'woke'. Sell them murder, sell them dope, all the things that keep em broke. But you'll label me a sellout if I try to give them hope. I don't care my vision bigger, raise your kids stop pulling triggers. You're a smart black man, so why you call yourself a ...?. You might also like[Chorus]. Oh you don't like my style? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my lyrics? (OK dude). Oh you don't like my politics? (OK dude). Do you even know what knowledge is? (OK dude). Oh now they want to mention me? (OK dude). So now they want to censor me (OK dude). Tiger blood and dragon energy and I control my legacy. And I got friends and enemiesEmbed