We can chop this up into the Bible; and it makes sense in the end. It does not matter what the fuck we are saying, life really doesn't work like that, K. Do you understand? Look, we'll put it together later; let's just go the fuck in now!. . [Verse 1: K21]. Cash splash on the Zildjian. Making progress like a pilgrim. Immortal from the immolation, double bass. Kick 'em in the face, Mike Smith, give ‘em suffocation. Autobiography of an entire nation. Living in a parallel statement. Mind in a different place, forever spacin'. Blind so I skip through the maze and never pacin'. Uncensored sentence, bleedin’ all on the senseless. K21 a legion for the defenceless. Go ham to the bone while I see you all on the benches. So I act like Ramone as soon as I crawl through the entrance. Intoxicated, guess it's all in the essence. Ain't no vanilla, you'll get more than my besas. Abuela said start counting all of your blessings. ‘Cause ain't many more of them left where you're steppin'. Screen calls when I get ‘em don't think I'm listenin'. Dodging questions like Richard Nixon. Bluff the interview — still I'll get the call. But the offer ain't as ever good as this position. So I'm yellin’ like it's D-Day, ready for war. Ain't ever gonna stop until we settle the score. Drifting like a ghoul, it's how I get through your door. With so much trouble on my mind that I can never ignore it. I guess. [Chorus: Sesta]. I got an issue with. Every rapper than I'm running into. They huffin’ and puffin’. But flow as weak as a fuckin’ tissue. So cum in it, chuck in a fuckin’ bin. Rough as they come, so I rub it in. It keep fallin’ out, so I tuck it in. . [Verse 2: Trials]. Twenty-twenty-one. Yup, Any Given D-Day. You got that plenty fish left in the sea face. Wouldn't get a wave bigger than this. Without the sea floor covered in C4 to Timor (wow). Bad news brigade, listen here brigadier (listen here). I'ma walk in, pick a beer, disappear. Come back and do it again, with the intent to ruin events. Doin' it twice to any crew it offends. Godzilla of non filler and not fair. Long hair Nicholas Cage in Con Air, yeah. Coming straight out of Mad Max. Put it in that box like they IKEA flat packs (wow). That's how it look. Rubbing sweet victory in that sour puss. Got a weapon and I'm steppin' to the wealthy (that's death). Take a shot while I'm taking a selfie. You might also like[Verse 3: Sesta]. Real fuckin’ song and dance, wavin' arms. Choppin' hands, make a silly voice. With a sock on my hand, you savin' up. But I’m robbin' banks, there’s no pullin' out. I'm now pushing prams but, ah, fuck it. Build a whole legion, dig a hole deeper. Anybody wanna fuck around, I got dirty little pills. In the pavlova, have a sleep in. . [Verse 4: K21]. And wake up in the evenin' in a different season. Nurse looking at you and ain't listening to reason (what it look like?). I see you sweating, see you gleeking (the rook type). And if you slept, well, then it's treason (goodnight). They saying sorry, ain't Aziz and. Every time the TV turning on, I'm seeing demons. People that I'm told to trust, but I don't believe them. Even in the club you told me that she looked decent. Until you find yourself back at her maisonette. . [Verse 5: Sesta]. Then you smell her face, she got baited breath. Process of elimination suggest. I guess the best foundations are left. When I enter most of the time. For no reason, 'tis the season. For beating off and then cheese it. Burn the footage, I got it, burn it down, then repeat it. [Verse 6: Trials]. Clean it, let 'em know that don't move me. Looking like I got left off "Bad and Boujee". Golden Era fella, might've heard of it?. Bet your mother wanna get it like a Thermomix. Dumb freebaser, fuck Speed Racer. Couldn't urn one thing without cremation (that's right). Yeah, put the stank in your system. High five your mums while I'm thanking your sisters. Um, you know, yeah, for the—for the food. . [Verse 7: K21]. And I even dying when they bury me. All I do is cross-check ‘em like a PhiIly Flyer in the seventies. They lying, ain’t friend of me, spying for the enemy. The reason I'm Khalifa chiefin' higher than I've ever been. So you can find me snatching your dank then I'm missing. Till it’s blown everywhere like I'm cooking crank in your kitchen. I been yellin', I been screamin', but they ain’t gonna listen. Till I'm treatin' ‘em like Azalea Banks with a chicken. Had a hiatus, but I'm a coyote with it. Going psycho when I flow every time I done did it. Every night merge day until I don't know the difference. And that's why one these days I might just go ballistic. Soldiering down the highway going seventy-six. Tskk, I'm not that fun man anymore. I'm ‘bout my friends and my biz and ain't blending that shit. With a face like this, fuck, I'm needing vanity for?. I told a chick that "I love her" then stuck my dick in another. With a brain like this, fuck, I'm needing sanity for?. Work on this till their whole anatomy sore. Splattering gore up on your canvas and walls, splashin’ the floor. That you stand on. . [Chorus: Sesta]. I got an issue with. Every rapper than I'm running into. They huffin’ and puffin’. But flow as weak as a fuckin’ tissue. So cum in it, chuck in a fuckin’ bin. Rough as they come, so I rub it in. It keep fallin’ out, so I tuck it inEmbed