What do you have to lose?. You're living in poverty. Your schools are no good. You have no jobs. 58% of your youth is unemployed. What the hell do you have to lose?. . [Refrain: Meek Mill]. Reportin' live from the other side of America. [Verse 1]. Mama let me sip the forty, I was just a shorty (Damn). Then I started spittin' godly, then they said 'record me'. I feel like this shit was for me, this shit just my story (Facts). Yeah, uh. Jumped off the porch, uh. I got a Porsche, won't take it back. I'm on the block with the killers and holdin' my own, of course (Yeah, check, check). I seen my mom and dad separate, ain't talkin' divorce (Talkin' divorce). Said daddy was livin' by the fire, and he died by the torch (Check, check). I'm where the AKs is, we like the Bébé's Kids. Ain't have a daddy, I listened to suckas the same way that Ray Ray did. I'm totin' Smith &'s and HKs and I just was a grade A kid. Ain't have no guidance, we grew up with hitters and did everything they said. Point out the block, we spinnin' that (Spinnin'). Run in the spot, we gettin' that (Get it). Give us some work, we flippin' that (Flippin'). I'm hittin' from jail, they ain't hittin' back. I need a lawyer, money for commissary, and nobody ain't sendin' that. I'm in my cell like, "When I get out, I'm makin' a movie, no Cinemax" (Woo). Yeah, back home and I'm fresh on bail. Phone chirpin', it was next to Tell. Block poppin', it was extra sales. Big dogs, they ain't showin' remorse. I was beggin' just to catch a sale. Same block, we was goin' to war. I was prayin' I ain't catch a shell (Check). You might also like[Chorus]. Uh, we was starvin' for a thousand nights. Livin' like we tryna die tonight. Glock .40 sound like dynamite. I was fuckin' up my cop money. Sellin' soap like it's China white. OG's said, "You fuckin' the block up". I was mad, I was tryna fight. Nigga, we hungry. Mama at work, daddy, he dead, nigga we lonely. Stomach growlin' like a AMG, goin' to bed, we hungry. Uzi on me, all my friends are dead, nigga, we lonely. Reportin' live from the other side of America. . [Verse 2]. Reportin' live from the other side (Yeah). Same corner where my brothers died (Yeah). Livin' life, we ain't got a care. Told my mama I ain't dyin' here (No). .40 on me, I ain't buyin' beer (No). Ain't have a will, now I'm flyin' Lear. Bunch of felons on the jet with me. Make a movie like it's Con Air. Started off in the basement. Now it's rooftops and LeBron there. Still fightin' open cases. Out on bail, nigga, but it's my year. Summertime, it get cold out. Heater on me like a Moncler. Closet bigger than my old house. Thinkin' 'bout it, I was fine there. Came out the dirt (Dirt). Dedicated, I was makin' it work. Medicated, I was takin' them Percs. Devastated when my niggas got murked. Educated, had to get to it first. I knew trappin', it would get me in jail. Playin' with pistols, it would get me a hearse. But I ain't give a fuck, send me to church (Woo). Yeah, they gotta catch me in traffic (Traffic). I ain't with none of this rap shit (Rap shit). I've been tryna run from these caskets. All this pain built in me, nigga. You don't want none of this action. Go get some money and feed your fam. 'Cause this is a fuckin' disaster, yeah. [Chorus]. Uh, we was starvin' for a thousand nights. Livin' like we tryna die tonight. Glock .40 sound like dynamite. I was fuckin' up my cop money. Sellin' soap like it's China white. OG's said, "You fuckin' the block up". I was mad, I was tryna fight. Nigga, we hungry. Mama at work, daddy, he dead, nigga we lonely. Stomach growlin' like a AMG, goin' to bed, we hungry. Uzi on me, all my friends are dead, nigga, we lonely. Reportin' live from the other side of America. . [Outro: Meek Mill & Michael Smercornish]. I always dreamed too, of being like, on like CNN and being able to like express myself. And, and, and speak for like the voiceless young men of America (Do it). The first step, I would say, I grew up in America in a ruthless neighborhood where we were not protected by police, uh. We grew up in ruthless environments, we grew up around murder, you see murder. You see seven people die a week, I think you would probably carry a gun yourself. Would you?. Uh, yeah, I probably would17Embed