Yeah. Y'all niggas better remember me man. Straight up. For real man. Y'all niggas little as hell to me man. Ion fuck with y'all niggas man. Y'all niggas be doin' more talkin' than action man. Ha, Y'all niggas make me laugh. That's on gang bitch. Straight up. Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here?. [Chorus]. I don't fuck with peons, pussy man I couldn't be one. Catch a nigga slippin', ooh caught down bad, he gon' be son. Put you on a t-shirt, bet your partner he ain't gon' spray none'. All these niggas soft as fuck, you know they gonna say some'. Rule number one, if you get caught you better not say none'. And I got that gun on me, not going out like Trayvon. Black lives matter so you know I keep a black gun. And you can't call me racist 'cause you niggas better not say none'. . [Verse 1]. Yeah, young nigga got that AK. And I act a fool with it, know I keep that AK. You don't wanna play, I spark that motherfucker broad day. Catch me in the street broad day with the AK. Back to the trap like every day, this shit like anyway. Bitches wanna fuck like any day, that's like every day. Still getting money every day, you know how I play. All up in the trap but if it ain't boomin' I ain't movin'. I be getting that money, slimeball, it's bitch Big Nudy. You ain't gettin' no money nigga, why you cannot do it?. Thumbin' through this check and I can show you how to do it. Go down for a minute, stack it up and you can't do it. Niggas gonna hate, the middle finger to they face. Yeah I got bond money, take your life away. Still getting money just to show 'em that I'm straight. And yeah I flex that check on a nigga any day. You might also like[Chorus]. I don't fuck with peons, pussy man I couldn't be one. Catch a nigga slippin', ooh caught down bad, he gon' be son. Put you on a t-shirt, bet your partner he ain't gon' spray none'. All these niggas soft as fuck, you know they gonna say some'. Rule number one, if you get caught you better not say none'. And I got that gun on me, not going out like Trayvon. Black lives matter so you know I keep a black gun. And you can't call me racist 'cause you niggas better not say none'. . [Verse 2]. Yeah, big dawg, I ain't have no Pernell, nigga. Ain't no nigga showed me the gun, yeah, this shit was in it. I ain't show no nigga no love 'cause all these niggas pity. Pity to me, I leave a motherfucker fifty. Keep a motherfuckin' thirty, shoot a nigga like a birdy. I'm a real nigga, K-I-N-G from these dirty ass streets. Everybody know 'bout me, I'm a real nigga OG. Nigga tried to play with me, I leave a motherfucker dead B. Big dog I am a blood, motherfucker I claim blood. All of my niggas they like blood. Some of my niggas they close than blood. Young nigga, man I got out the mud. You ain't get no money, nigga you're dub. Two guns, nigga I don't give a fuck nigga. [Chorus]. I don't fuck with peons, pussy man I couldn't be one. Catch a nigga slippin', ooh caught down bad, he gon' be son. Put you on a t-shirt, bet your partner he ain't gon' spray none'. All these niggas soft as fuck, you know they gonna say some'. Rule number one, if you get caught you better not say none'. And I got that gun on me, not going out like Trayvon. Black lives matter so you know I keep a black gun. And you can't call me racist 'cause you niggas better not say none'Embed