They shot him. They shot him, they shot him. Oh my God, he didn't even have a gun. Oh my God, he didn't have a gun. He didn't have a, oh God. He didn't have a gun. . [Verse 1: Denzel Curry]. Helicopters over my balcony. If the police can't harass, they wanna smoke every ounce of me. Breath is alchemy, see how the life converted. You tell me life's a female dog, well I'm perverted. Go to jail and get murdered. Murder was the case they gave us. Manipulate the system so the prison could save us, ayy. Nothin' can save us. Foot Locker, liquor stores, undercovers bringin' hordes. Ten years plus four, little kids die at war. Mama wants me baptized, swimmin' in this blood shore. Shut down schools to open drugs and gun stores. I see the floor, gotta flourish. When I'm readin' my horoscope, the vision is horrid. But you be soarin', stay woke. Rather die rich than stay broke. I was starin' though my rearview in my pitch-black locs. My notes reappear, disappear, shit is wicked here. Tragedy all over the screen like William Shakespeare plays. Disease, the grade, increase grenades. Disease, the AIDS, I seize today. Like Wade, I fade away. I pray today, 'cause life is crazy. JAY-Z, a school for hard knocks. They want us crucified with stones and hard rocks. [Interlude: G Perico, Britney Thomas & Daylyt]. Ayy, bitch, calm down, what the fuck happened? (Oh no). Stop fuckin' screamin', what happened? (Oh God, they shot him). They killed the homie? (They shot him, the fuckin' police shot him). The police? (Oh my God). The police killed him? (Oh no, no). They just killed the homie, cuz (Oh my God). Ayy, cuz, swing that car around, cuz, bring that chopper (The fucking police). We finna kill these motherfuckers, nigga (Uh). . [Verse 2: Daylyt]. See, all we are VR'd, sleep in a snooze. Peeking at deacons keepin' the rules. Creepin' in rooms. Sheet sneakin' cheeks for the doom, cats kiddin' me. Little cats killed literally. How these cats talk bigotry?. Like an Avatar forest, the machine talk, Jarvis. Whatever they hand you, it'll be y'all risk. Your hand stuck in the cookie jar, hold on to the sweet shit, beef shit. Green jackets, the old cats, feel the heat cliff, eclipse. Blacks cover the white light, cats stuck in the twilight. Why, Lyt? See, the wise life stuck in hindsight. Sign bright, read, catch up, it's monumental, don't mind your men. Mind you, what's in my mind intertwined you, men sign you in. Don't get no autograph from Patrick. Just collapsed shit. But don't run from Cleopatra. Perhaps you sleep and your mattress weak. Stuck like a statue, is that you geeks?. We attack you, don't act too street. We gon' ask you is this a cop-out?. Bring the cops out, bring the pigs. You see the pigment. We depict, the indigenous people dig it. Hold on to life, we don't go for the house of reps. They done trapped us in the alphabet. Our alphas can't get out the net. 'Net ballin', imaginary goal. Shot clock, what's your net worth?. Chris Webber? Mmm, deep webber? Mmm. Time out, mom's house, etymology, mortgage die route. Be lesbian, buddy, you better study. Puddy holes on this muddy road. Buddy cold. They gon' pay for takin' my brother. Nas say we need one mic and they shot the brown one. Y’all done forgot the brown one. The new white Mike. Rockin' a nightgown. It's ancient. They covered his passed with his kid blanket. Y'all sleep, y'all don't see how the image changed. 'Member the times, nigga. I'm here to remind niggas we kingsYou might also like17Embed