Slave to our tables, no, we don't know why. Yeah we're listing to the devil, no, we don't know why. Oh naw, another prison system, no, we don't know why, yeah. For you and me to live in, no, we don't know why, mhm. . [Post-Chorus]. Woo, yeah, no, we don't know why. Woo, yeah, no, we don't know why. Woo, yeah, no, we don't know why. Woo, yeah, no, we don't know why. [Verse 1]. Sitting in the courtroom, tune on the stand. Hoping that his story get believed by a man. Took his life from him he didn’t even understand. Victim of they system it was all in they plans. Police under oath but be lying on the stand. Say he shot him down seen a gun in his hand. Tell me how a cell phone look like a pistol. Swept under the rug as a up resolved issue. His momma wanting justice but she still gon' miss him. Wishing she can have him back just so she can kiss him. Federal conviction rate 98%. Meaning they can take your life with none of the evidence. If the state give you life boy you gotta do all that. Praying for appeal now you hoping you crawl back. Lynching with no rope, nigga, that’s what you call that. Our prisons obsolete, I just want to ask y’all that, yeah. . [Chorus]. Slave to our tables, no, we don't know why. Yeah we're listing to the devil, no, we don't know why. Oh naw, another prison system, no, we don't know why, yeah. For you and me to live in, no, we don't know why, mhm. . [Verse 2]. Attorney want to win like he trying to get a ring. Cut a nigga time but first they make him sing. Even paid lawyers playing on the same team as the DA and the judge nigga shit ain’t what it seem. A public defender won’t get you shit a conviction. Ain’t trying to discredit them ones handeling they business. Cutting off your hair it ain’t gone change your complexion. I know you nigga lost let me give you some direction. Seen the face tatts now they making a connection. Cooperate for they crime pat em down then arrest em. We hate our own skin but this melanin a blessing. Judge give you 50 years call it teaching you a lesson. Doing all the labor they paying you a dollar. But they making mills read the message In the bottle. Educated scholar doing time in Angola. Tell 'em abolish the prisons and free all the soldiers yeah. You might also like[Chorus]. Slave to our tables, no, we don't know why. Yeah we're listing to the devil, no, we don't know why. Oh naw, another prison system, no, we don't know why, yeah. For you and me to live in, no, we don't know why, mhm. . [Outro]. Say yo shit, my nigga. Say yo shit. We livin' in a time (No, we don't know why). Where the police killin' us [?] (No, we don't know why). The things they teach us in school to brainwash the mind (No, we don't know why). Then tell [?], why we have a record before we ever have a degree (No, we don't know why). YeahEmbed