Yeah, uh, uh. Uh-huh, huh, hahaha. Some of y'all be sayin' y'all freestylin'. But y'all be like... spittin' writtens and shit. Haha, that's BS. Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh-huh, uh, uh-huh. Uh, I don't even write my wrongs, haha. Ayy, yuh. . [Part 1: Waves by Joey Bada$$]. [Verse 1]. Off the top, kickin' it, no karate class. Janitor, I'll mop his ass up, chop his ass up. I'm the best at what I do, can't nobody do it better. Your girl a sprinkler system from the way I get her wetter. Uh, I'm out the jam like jelly. I'ma go hard, catch a shot like Belly. I'm the best to ever do it, have 'em leakin' body fluids. Feel like Waka Flocka, "O Let's Do It" when I'm on this music. Off the dome when I'm kickin' it. Kinda like I got a impediment when I'm spittin' it. I been rippin' writtens without writin' a damn thing. I'm doin' my damn thing, I rap and I sing. I ring like bells, king. That's me, you better king me. I'm married to the money, fuck it, need to buy a ring, b. I pull up on the scene, choppa get to fuckin' ringing. Like a joke or something, choppa get to zinging, aha. Man this shit look easy, on my grind like Trukfit, no Lil Weezy. Your bitch too sleazy, .40 bless you, sneezin', uh. I'm the best to ever do it, take yo' breath away, you not breathin', uh. Breaking Bad method how I sell this meth. Retrospect, put that shit back in retrospect. Take your specs, take your bitch, grab her breast, tat her chest. I'm the best to ever do it, I'ma say that again. Lord forgive me on this mic, 'cause I know I'm finna sin. Killin' him, him, and him, referencin' Eminem. All these other rappers ain't shit but feminine, and. I don't really got time for it. They can have a penny 'cause I don't really got a dime for it. Catch me rockin' Tom Ford and some Air Forces. With a passport and a black torch. Comin' up the full court, pressed like Kobe or somethin'. Super clutch in the fourth like Ginobili or somethin'. You say you ballin' like you Jordan, nigga, nah, you frontin'. Run up on me, that's okay, that choppa on me get to jumpin' like Jumpman. .23 in that glizzy, come and get it. I been defyin' niggas like science and physics. You run up on me, I hit 'em. That choppa on me like a tongue, I pull it out and it lick 'em. I'ma shoot him 'til he done, uh. I got all the girls sprung, pull up on the scene like a "he hung". I'm of the best to ever do it, say that again. Off the dome, kickin' it, that's just how it is. I don't got to write shit, I see it like a psychic. Your girl like a Huffy commercial, she ride like bikes, kid. I'm the best to ever do it, yeah, I said it, huh, and I meant it. Listen to my lyrics, man, I vibe on this bitch. Roll a blunt up, a OG, and get high on this bitch. Mix it with the pills and liquor, I may die on this bitch. Did I do that shit on purpose? Suicide in that bitch, huh. Suicide doors with a suicide whore. Drivin' off a bridge, I call that a suicide Porsche, haha. Ooh, we kickin' it, man, look. I pull up in a four-door flippin' like parkour. Fuck your bitch on camera and call that shit a hardcore. Hard porn, sharper than harpoons. I come through with three bullets in my face, that's a war room. Animated like cartoons when I'm off the shrooms. Niggas dirty so that choppa actin' like brooms, uh. Niggas salty like Spongebob and spittoon, uh. Pull up on the scene, huh, that's just me, uh. Hey, switch that shit up real quick, uh-huh. I may come back to that, I don't know. You might also like[Part 2: Yonkers by Tyler, the Creator]. [Verse 2]. Uh-huh, I was just talkin' about how I like Tyler and that nigga Cole. Uh, I'ma, uh. I'ma fuckin' Dapper Dan in a pair of Gucci socks. Run up on me, you get popped. Catch the shot out the Glock, I'm the Juice, word to Pac. Run up on me, pop your top, matter of fact, better back up. 'Cause I'm in the back of the truck, with the MAC tucked. Tell that nigga condiment or somethin', he need to catch up. He can't catch us, them niggas can't back us, huh. Man, them niggas need some backup. I'm on the scene, boolin' with my bros. Like I'm Drake with the 6, runnin' through it with my woes. Run up on me like Shaquille, in the paint I'm throwin' bows. You a ballerina 'cause I keep you on your toes. Shout out to them Florida niggas, I know some zoes. Run up, that's okay, I'm finna let the choppa blow. I'm on Westwood, ridin' through your hood. Like Red Ridin', strikin' like bright lightnin', my flow is too excitin'. I'll end your world like Mayans, off the dome, kickin' it. Try me if you think I'm lyin', man, listen how I do it. I get brain from a smart bitch but she stupid. Put an arrow through your heart, but no, I'm not Cupid. Make you shuffle when I shoot, but no, it's not Cupid. The wordplay is so cold, my heart is so gone. Yo bitch is so sprung, yeah, I put the team on. She gon' give the whole team head, call that a crew neck. But I'm wearin' a sweater, I'ma get her wetter, uh. I'm the best to ever do it, I'll say that shit forever. No matter the weather, knock 'em out like Floyd Mayweather. I'm off the dome kickin' it, that's just how it is. I'm Khalifa with the reefer but I never been a wiz. Tricks are for grownups, they said they were for kids. Hell nah, 'cause you will get popped off like a zit. If you fuckin' with my money cuz, I'm all about a grip. Tell your bitch to swallow kids and I'll tell you to swallow clips. Rest in piss, rest in this, matter of fact, I'ma go hard. Spit crack like Bobby Brown and grill 'em like Bogarts. Stomp the yard like Chris Brown like he got shot in the movie. I'm hotter than white bitches chillin' in a jacuzzi. My money got longer, shout out to Uzi. I'm in the scene with a nina, you run up, I'm shootin'. I swear that you don't want no problems with me, it's over with. Call me everything but sober, I am not with that sober shit. It's a union with my gang, come around like a Soviet. Matter of fact, I'm finna gamble for this shit, where your poker chips?. If you run up, you'll, you'll get cranked like Soulja did. I'ma drop bars same way I drop bombs. You ain't on shit, ww-dot-com. I forgot a W, I took that out, 'cause that W stand for "Win". I never took the losin' route, I always took the losers out. Eeny meeny miney moe, I always pick the choosers out. She got titties, when she come around I pick the hooters out. Run up on me, that's okay, they beefin' on computers now?. I'm not worried about these niggas, keep a .30 on my hip. I Steph Curry about these niggas. These niggas hella soft, man I worry about these niggas. I never run away, I don't flurry away from niggas. That nigga lil' pussy, he furry, ain't he, lil' nigga?. Pull up on the scene, you know I'm with it. My windows tinted, pulled up clean with a "Stop, you're finished". You know we dig it. I'm ballin' like Dennis Rodman, I'm fuckin' awesome. I'm bombin' like atomic, my eyes are redder than demonic. I'm faster than Sonic, I'm faster, withdrawals got me fastin'. My stomach movin' slow like molasses. I got it, run up on me, I'm poppin'. Feel like Drake when I'm rappin' 'cause I start from the bottom. All this shit that I'm talkin', I could probably back it up. I slide into your bitch DM like a sled and toboggan. For your brains I may bargain, I caught you lackin' at Target. I'll turn your ass to a target then threw your ass in the garbage. Run up on me, it's nothing, I swear to God that I'm bussin'. Like a Proactiv commercial or somethin', haha. These niggas makin' assumptions, me, I'm just makin' this money, huh. I wear Givenchy, you still in Abercrombie, you see the difference?. Broke niggas and rich niggas, showin' the distance. This is a business relationship, fuck a friendship. All these other niggas fake like, "What you got over there?. Let me get something off your plate," nah. I did this by myself so I don't need nobody help. Shit, I'm a giant, you an elf, I put your brains up on a shelf after I collect it. Matter of fact, my mind is my weapon. Slide through your block again and catch some sloppy seconds. That's a preference, I heard you like talkin' about Heaven. Well I send your ass to hell, right next to Jezebel, uh, huh. You can catch twenty shells, you a fat pussy, you get shot, Garfield. I got bars like jail barbells, these niggas not funny, huh, Seinfeld, aha. But my flow is so unpredictable. Fuckin' with me is like steppin' in a minefield. Man, I could never mess up, I gotta 'fess up, this is a confession. I pull up on the scene with my .40, it came from my plaster. That shit's a blessin', huh, I leave you in the past tense. I wrap the rap in plastics, that's just some plaster rap. But I'm still the realest rapper after the fact, huh, can you imagine that?. Man, these niggas sick to hell, Johnson couldn't magic that. Man, this rappin' shit is such a passion. Not a father when I did it so I'm callin' me a bastard. And these niggas talkin' dumb to me. But that shit doesn't matter, 'cause my pockets gettin' fatter. And I'm climbin' like a ladder, outer space, I'm up on Saturn. With some niggas that came from my hometown. They really rowdy, you run up, that's okay. I swear to God we get to growlin' and bouncin' and pouncin'. You gon' need a bouncer, we robbin' your accountant for everything. So much money that I ain't even count yet. Life's a bitch, why is mine keep playin' farfetched?. These niggas ain't locked up, haven't seen bars yet. My gun singin' like Barbra, guess, Streisand. I got a knife in my right hand, your bitch in my left hand. Her meth in my back pocket, I'll give it to her in a second. If she keep jockin', I'll rip your eyes out of your head. If you keep watchin', I am the best rapper in here. The best rapper over there, the best rapper everywhere. I can say what I want and it come out how I want it. Run up if you want, that's okay 'cause it's over. I really do not condone it, I don't fuck with opponents. It's commas, no exponents, but these bullets come in three. And they be singin' like Jonas, I don't really got no smoke. But if you want it I got it, I pull it out and I pop it. I send some shots at your noggin, I remember rockin' Robins. Back at the bottom, now it's Givenchy and Gucci. All over my pair of pockets, man, maybe I should stop it. Let's keep goin' man, I'm just feelin' nauseous. Off the Henny, that's the remedy. A hundred in these clips, so if I shoot it that's a centipede. I stick it on the Lamborghini, drivin' like a century. It's twenty-one inside this clip, huh, like the century, I'm schoolin' niggas. Ruler in the Glock, elementary, I'm in her mouth like a dentist. She made me replenish, I'm ballin' like I'm Dennis. Rodman, rotten, plottin', freestyle, no jottin', I got it. Man, I could rap forever. If I go broke, Westwood, I'ma prolly trap forever. So cold I could go to Siberia and trap the weather. I could trap in Siberia, I could trap wherever. Man, rainy weather, sunny weather, either way, it goes. My gun with me 'cause let's go, ooh. Next beat, next beat, I may come back, ahahaha. [Part 3: Kill by Earl Sweatshirt]. [Verse 3]. Next part, Earl Sweatshirt Kill?. Cool, uh, uh-huh, yeah, uh. Catch me spittin' on this Kill beat. Hopin' that these niggas would just feel me, the real me. My weapon is concealed and. You know I'm a suspect when I walk into the building. I came to London just to make some noise. The shit I say is for grown men, these bars are not for lil' boys. I'm Andy with these toys. You run up on me, you get flexed on like Terry Crews and steroids. Listen, I been ballin' like a Piston. I been marchin' on niggas like I am army enlisted. You run up on me, you get it. My choppa retarded and spittin' on these goofy ass niggas. Pop a roofie, I'm gone, in a whole 'nother zone. Put my dick in yo mom, that's the shit that I'm on. Yeah, that's the shit that I'm on, you ain't on shit 'cause you dumb. You run up on me, you gone, that choppa on me, it's rung. You get hung like a noose. I'm about the war, give a fuck about the truce. All about myself, I give a fuck about you. Matter of fact, I may just shoot the fuck up out you. Put an X next to your name like Malcolm. I guess you didn't weigh your options out, your outcomes. You did the wrong shit on the right day. We turn a white day into a red day. Fuck what yo mom say, fuck what yo dad say. I keep it 3K like my first name Andre. If I go broke, I'm probably servin' like an entree. In Bombay with yo girl suckin' all on me. Off the Xannies, I'm a zombie. Don't believe me, try me, fuck around, stomp you. I'm kinda hungry off the weed, I may chomp you. And that shorty, she a eater, she a muncher. Man I'm feeling like a monster. Straight Jeffrey Dahmer when I'm grippin' the Llama. You don't want problems, no smoke at all. I take your whole pound and smoke it all. I take yo bitches then fuck 'em all. They on my D, I'm hatin', I duck 'em all. And she look at my whole team then suck 'em all. Macaroni on me, it'll buck-buck 'em all. Man somebody tell me to stop, nah, I'ma keep goin', just watch. I take yo Rollie, yo watch, yo bitches all on my cock. You run up on me, get popped, they judge a nigga like Cochran. They forgot to stop it, run up on me here. I got a rocket on me, no launcher. I feel like I am the best-est, I'm deadlier than asbestos. My word is really my weapon, I'm coming back for some seconds. Freestylin's a preference, send you to stairway to heaven. Man, these niggas writin' the shit that I say. The beats beat when I'm beatin' like Doctor the Dre. I pull up on them with the choppa, and screamin' out, "Hey!. Fuck you, pow pow, have a nice day". And my wrist is like an ice tray, and yo bitch she do what I say. Yeah, she put her hands in the air when my song come on. Like single ladies and Beyoncé, yeah. And the way that I spit shit. I burn niggas like Jamaicans with the incense. Been the realest with the shit ever since I was an infant. I'm a misfit, Tony Hawk on my grind like a trip tip, you could get hit. Choppa leave you cryin' like a chick flick, I'm a sick kid. Bitch, I been lit, man these niggas ain't shit but some pussies. And pork ass niggas, fuck is a piglet. Fuck is these niggas, I don't fuck with these niggas. A four-leaf clover on a bullet, good luck with these niggas. Man it must suck for these niggas, ol' sufferin' niggas. YouTube ol' video bufferin' niggas. Ol' big bad wolf huff-puffin' ass niggas. 'Til I pull up on the scene like, "You think you hard?". I put a bullet hole through your muffin ass, nigga. Man, all the songs that I'm bumpin', I got the partiers jumpin'. You run up on me, it's over, that chopper's on me, it's dumpin'. I'll dump you like a bad relationship, hold on, wait, wait, wait. Let me take this shit, it may take a bit. I spit the shit I say, go back, re-say it. Then say somethin' different, replacin' it, man they hatin' us. It's presidential brain from yo bitch Sarah Palin kid. Still sellin' John McCain, like you got yo shit snatched. My flow is off the chain, pull up in the rover, yeah, I got the range. I feel like Drake, nothing was the same. Niggas love to hate, get up out my face before you catch a AK. Shoot him in his face, tell that nigga bye-bye, man down, mayday. Pull up to his mom house and turn it to my safe place. I need a safe haven, I'm too busy slayin'. Dyin' my hair like Super Saiyans, leave his face on the pavement. Jackie Chan when I'm smokin', I really feel like an Asian. Fuck yo bitch when I'm high, call that shit Asian persuasion. I rush out with yo girl, she fuck for hours up in the shower. I feel like I got superpowers, I'm so superb. I'm 'bout the action, you niggas 'bout action verbs. I don't gotta say a word, I shoot for the green, feelin' like Larry Bird. On the competition, I drop and take a turd. Shove it in they ears, they hearin' every word. Really though, I get it poppin' like a nigga hittin' wheelies, ho. Or an ollie, ho, or a molly, ho. Run a train on yo bitch, that's a trolley, ho. Don't try me how I do you like Dej Loaf. You want to go to heaven so bad, here's a halo. My gun sing like J Lo, you better get low like limbo. Before you catch a couple shots for yo kinfolk. I'm Rambo with the ammo, I don't never let go. Money kinda stick to me, call me Juice Velcro. Say you gettin' money now, fuck nigga hell no. You don't like Adidas but this choppa give you shell toes. This choppa give you shell toes. And leave yo ass dancin' on the floor like a red nose. Beam on my gun, that's a red nose. Pull up on the scene, let the shit blow. Yonkers, Yonkers, in this bitch with Westwood, man. . [Part 4: Unbelievable by The Notorious B.I.G.]. [Verse 4]. Yeah, let's do it, oof, got a lil' more bounce to it, don't it?. Uh, uh, I've been going through a lot as of lately. You can call me crazy. Bitches wanna play me. Really I got blueprints. Feelin' like I'm JAY-Z. My flow in the morning, Westwood no Sway B. That's just how it is, boy. My flow so brazy, my flow so cool. My flow so outdated, so old school. But then nigga switch it up to something so new. These niggas walking around like they bulletproof. 'Til the bullets shoot, leave the bullets through his sunroof. Kill his son too. Give a fuck, oh, give a fuck. Nah, not what I do. I'm the type to pull up on your youth group. With a choppa and a machete, that's fuckin' useful. Matter of fact, here it go. I ain't the same nigga I was a year ago. I feel like Jesus in the studio. I'm spittin' miracles, I'm in that white whip. What you call that shit? A miracle. Fuck yo bitch from the back singing negro spirituals. Got a seal, like fate, like a fuckin' envelope. I ain't dope, I'm anti-dope, word to Travis. You run up, that's okay, you gettin' played like Lenny Kravitz. I never had a father, like I said I'm such a bastard. You run up, uh, cool, I'ma let your brain splatter. The bullet rim rattle. I feel like Shaquille in the fourth. Break backboards. How I break her back when I hit it from the back, boy. I'm up to bat, boy, it's out the park like Barry Bonds. You best believe that boy, huh. I spit crack boy. I spit anything they want. I sell it and make it right back boy. You run up on me you get smacked, boy. You get smacked like a bitch and a pimp running laps boy. I'm running shit like gym class on your bitch ass. Leave you leaking like maxi pads, grab a Tampax. I pull up on 'em with two guns, they attached. Knocked 'em out, ping ping ping, boxing match, uh. But my flow is unmatched, my flow is outmatched. My flow is so hard, your flow is wack. My flow is so crack, your flow is so mid. My flow is so kill, your flow is so eh. I don't got time for it. Suck on my dick, tell your bitch to come over and swallow my kids. Choppa on my hip I had to hollow my tips. Hallowed be thy name, pray to catch his ass slippin'. Pull up on his ass leave him leakin' I get 'em. Walkin' with a limp, .40 heavy like I'm pimpin'. Matter fact I have 'em dancin' when I shoot it crippin'. Niggas talkin' stupid 'til that nigga end up missin'. UFC when I fight 'em I put 'em submission. Hand on a Smith and, I'ma go and get 'em. Stevie Wonder with it, still got 20/20 vision. You can't fuck with me, uh, you can't fuck with me, huh. I'm like a bad STD, bitch, you stuck with me, huh. .40 on my hip, I up it on me luckily, huh. Rushin' hours, like I said got Chrissie Tuck with me, ayy. Couple niggas that's bound to not give a fuck with me, huh. Just in case these other niggas try to fuck with me, uh. Kept my wits about me luckily, you know I'm smart, uh. I've been flying through the air I feel like Bonaparte, uh. Keep two bitches in my circle like I'm Noah's Arc, uh. Fuck with me I up that choppa tear your bones apart, uh. Felt my grove on this track now I'm goin', huh. In too deep with this rap shit the ocean, uh. I'm a flow of the purple, the potion, uh. I'ma catch me a op in the open, uh. I make this shit look easy while you strugglin'. I'm ballin' triple doublin' while you doublin'. I exposed like shrooms get it? I be trufflin'. It's Terry Crews with this shit you know I'm musclin'. Watchin' Regular Show laughin' at Muscle Man. Chip on my shoulder it's lookin' like a Pringles can. Desert Eagle on my hip, I'm not a Eagles fan. You know I'm from Chicago they my people man, yeah. Try me if you wanna. I'll smoke you like a backwood full of marijuana. Matter fact you run up on me you don't want no drama. I'ma leave you scratched like a DJ after DJ Drama touched it. I don't give a fuck, I'm on my fucked shit. I'm killin' niggas like they on my bucket list. I turn my bucket list into a fuckin' fuck it list. So when I kill I walk away like fuck it, shit. I be on my fuck it shit. Matter fact me and G-Money hittin' the dealership. Pullin' up in the Chrysler like John Dillinger. Rich as fuck like, "Damn, is you drug dealin' bitch?". Nah, I'm rappin', used to be trappin'. Niggas was actin'. Cops hit the door I hid the coke in the napkin. I was shootin' craps takin' money. Takin' craps on all these niggas takin' naps on me. They was sleepin'. Westwood, they was sleepin', couldn't believe 'em. Now I'm the type to beat the beat up 'til it's bleedin'. Choke it out 'til the mutha' fuckers barely breathin'. They ain't know a rockstar could rap like this. I'ma MC off the High-Tech mixed with High-C. You don't want that. Shoot you in your stomach that shit hard to digest. Make a art project out the projects. Shoot you in your eyes put the shit in prospect. Lookin' at your mindset, I'm beyond that. I'm beyond that, I like this beat. This beat like me, I check this beat. This beat Nike, these shoes on my feet. These shits pricey, like thirteen hunnid, huh. You know I run it, I pull up in Hummers. You know I roll with them gunners. I feel like Birdman stunner, uh. You don't want no problems. I give you cancer with this bullet. You can catch this trauma, uh. Man I know you heard the rumors. Niggas beefin' all over computers. Until I catch 'em lackin' in my city. Beat him in his head until he catch a tumor. Tell his momma that I did it, she confused. "Why my baby all over the fuckin' news?". "What the fuck my baby went and fuckin' did?". He prolly went and fucked with Juice The Kid. That's my old name, now it's Juice WRLD. Went to a different planet. Now I'm up in two worlds. Fuck that shit I'm up in two girls. Diamonds and pearls, I'm ruling the world. Revenge on my body, bitch, 'cause that's my state of mind. Stevie Wonder like I said before 'cause I'ma rob you blind. I got all these answers that these niggas search to find. And they bitches kinda bad I'ma have to get behind. Hit it from the back until I fuckin' break her spine. After that I may just have to go and take what's mine. Yeah, yeah, turn on that Mob Deep shit. [Verse 5]. Uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, oh. Ain't no such thing as halfway. Ain't no such thing as halfway. Ain't no such thing as halfway gangsters. You in them hallways, you ain't in the streets. Niggas really thinking that it's cool to make beef. And become enemies of enemies. How come all of my enemies was friends to me. How come all my enemies is frenemies. How come all my enemies is blind. I catch 'em lackin' and kill 'em before I read all they energy. I guess that's my energy. I don't know what's gotten' into me. I'm kinda fucked up, well at least mentally. Physically I'm richer than a bitch, who I'm meant to be. I'm up in London gettin' in bustin'. Head like concussion. Run up, that's okay, I swear to God that it's nothin'. All these niggas be beefin' really they bluffin'. I'ma change the money like it's a subject. Thinkin' nothin' of it. Fuckin' bitches in public. Callin' a ruckers. Causin' a ruckus. I'm a boondock nigga. I'm feelin' like Uncle Ruckus. Off the dome when I'm kickin'. Freestyle I don't do the writtens. I don't fuck with cats, so I be beatin' up the kitten. I don't fuck with scrappin' so I'm grippin' on that Smith and. If you want it come and get it, sixty shots in sixty seconds. Had to kill 'em in a minute. My flow is intimate, white it out like it's Eminem. Really I keep on killin', my bars are really intricate. Man, I love it when I spit heat. These niggas think that they can get me, they can't get me. You rich than a bitch, hell nah, nigga, convince me. I leave that nigga cooked up like mincemeat. I use his head as a centerpiece. I get Duff and Clinton money like my name Hillary. I spit like I'm on a ministry. You run up on me I'm killin'. My choppa on me, that's my mini-me, aha, yeah. That's my mini-me. I keep it in the trunk of the Bimmer that's where it's 'posed to be. That's where it's meant to be, that's where I'm meant to be. Uh, uh, hold on. Let me catch my vibe. Fuck your bitch be mad if she blow my high. Suck my dick in a fuckin' suicide. After that catch a drift and commit suicide. Xanny and the Percy, I'm a whole different person. Even if I'm high as fuck, I'm in the studio working. Ball like Julius Erving, fuck with me you hit the curb. Curb stomp a nigga before he could say a word. Yeah, and that's on my life. You lookin' for my son, I'll put that in your wife. You run up, that's okay, I got my .45. It's a fifty up in it, shoot his ass forty times. I gave my choppa a titty, that bitch busty. These niggas talking stupid, they crusty. Smoking on the stank shit, musty. Real ass nigga shit I must be, huh, yeah. Shit I must be. Pull up on the scene, that's just me. I don't need a team but I got two teams. I don't sip green, I just sip red lean. Double cup filled up got me stumblin'. Flippin' the work up, it's Jesse White tumblin'. I got the sack I called a player I ain't fumblin'. I shoot his ass then he crawled a car under it. I'll blow up, C4's I may just detour, huh. Pull up on 'em like ooh. Hold on let me catch this bitch. Finna' give 'em, uh. Back on spittin' the crack, ho. Full of shit they call me a asshole. Shy? hell no just a little bashful. Brick hell yeah, got a little cash flow. I spent a hunnid K within a month. I spent fifty K on a blunt. You ain't smokin' what I'm smokin' lil' boy. Big loud, your shit makin' no noise. Real nigga, they a bunch of decoys. Run up on me then they gettin' destroyed. Who the fuck brought in these boys. Who the fuck tottin' all these toys. .30 and that .40 make 'em act up. Kinda like a cha-cha slide he back up. Pourin' that in the back of the truck. With a bitch that like to act up. I still get my dick sucked. I don't spit lines, I still got pick up. The truck got pick up, your bitch get picked up. I still get my dick sucked. We and Westwood lit as a bitch. I give a shit I'm a hit. I hit the bitch then I'm gone. I hit that bitch like the lick. I tell that bitch suck a dick. I tell her swallow my kids. I tell her swallow the jizz. Hopefully, she get the gist. The wordplay is way better than these other niggas. I'm so smooth I could prolly fuck your mother nigga. After that I may just double back and hit yo babysitter. In the paint like Shaquille O'Neal 'cause I babied niggas. Shake it up like earthquakes lil' Haiti nigga. I'm not on XBOX, nah, you can't play me, nigga. 4:44 my gun like JAY-Z. Huh, ahuh, this nigga crazy. Lookin' at my dad like, "You made me?". Bitch, I made myself, is you crazy?, oof. Is you crazy? You couldn't pay me to say that. Nigga couldn't pay me. Uh, uh-uh, uh. I wanna keep goin' on this bitch. Uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh. Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh. Westwood type shit. I remember growin' up watchin' Westwood freestyles. Thinkin' I would be here one day. I use to hope for it, dream for it, wish for it, pray for it. Look what happened on a fuckin' Sunday. I pull up on 'em like Makonnen and Drake with the choppa. 'Cause the club goin' up on a Tuesday. It's 2012 and this Glock when I up it you a Mayan. I'ma end yo shit this is doomsday, ooh. Yeah, and that's some wordplay and this what I say. I keep it three K like my name André, uh, yeah. And this some wordplay, and this some wordplay. This some, uh, this some, uh, this some, uh, this some. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't wanna feel it if the feelin' is real. I'm Matrix when I pop these Xannies, that's a limitless pill. I'm dying to live. Fuck it I'ma live it again. Yo girl gave up the pussy, she gon' give it again. And the crib prolly hittin' her friends. Gettin' it in, money in my pockets that I'm willin' to spend. At the door, knock knock, please lettin' 'em in. I ball like a letterman hotter than a sweater then. Pull up on the scene choppa on me, the Beretta twin. And your head like barrettes make you shake like Tourettes. Run up on me leave you left. Matter fact intercept, take a sec. Breaking bad with this shit, Crystal meth. Freestyle off the dome, I don't write, too exciting. Told you I'm the man and these hoes really like it. My bitch strapped up but no she not dyking. Run up, that's okay, you gon' die from the fire. .40 on my hip, boy, I don't live a lie. Treat you like you Christ, with the shit crucified, huh. Yeah, you get crucified. I don't fuck with shit so I ain't gettin' scrutinized. I'm high as a bitch. I'm fly as a bitch. You girl, gon' fuck her she goin' bye in the bitch. Run up on me, that's okay, 'cause you gon' die in the bitch. Click-clack, pow-pow, homicide in the bitch. Freestyle off the dome I won't lie in this bitch. Fuck a pen and a pencil I won't write in this bitch. Feel like the Buddha or something. I'm enlightened and shit. Feel like I'm lightning or something. How I'm strikin' and shit. Off the dome when I'm kickin' and spittin' the flows, ho. Pull up on the scene freeze it, I call it a snowglobe. Matter fact I'm on cold and colder than Ozone. Colder than Frozone, Colder than Ozone. I freeze up the Ozone. Walkin' yo hoes home, my dick in yo hoes dome. Fuck is you on. I am chillin' in the green like a bunch of croutons. Gettin' top from a bad bitch on a Futon. I remember days I used to skip school to crack cars. And crack bars and went too far off the Xan bars. I forgot them days, I still remember 'em. My life is so cold, sometimes I December it. Then again it switches up to the point where I ember it. Hot and these niggas be jealous, see how they envy it. Pull up on the scene, my choppa too close to me. I guess our relationships intimate. I close my eyes so I can lock in. Tourist with the Glizzy, I call her the Glock twin. Try the judge a nigga, I told 'em they Cochran. I won't fuck the bitch but she wanted my cock in. I pull up to the scene my head is noddin'. Off the lean chillin', I'm Speaker Knockin'. Rest in peace man, that shit was horrible, uh. Look at that bitch, her ass adorable, uh. I just made explorer, I feel like Dora, ho, uh. I was on the scene spittin' metaphoricals, uh. What I said in that one song. A black black, a white bitch, a black bitch. That's a Oreo, uh. Got the shit sealed like a fuckin' envelope, uh. Pull up on the scene with the choppa let it go, uh. I'ma hunt 'em down like his ass a antelope, uh. Tote cold with the ice it's a eskimo, uh, uh, uh. Had to let 'em know, uh. Load it up, I let it breathe, I let it go, uh. Fucked the bitch, I let it be, I let her go, uh. Uh-uh, uh. Switch up the beat gang. . [Verse 6]. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Westwood shit. Yeah, warmed up and shit. Jet lag shit. Represent Chicago, yeah, uh. Sometimes I feel like I'm the worst. This talent is a gift and a fuckin' curse. This choppa to take you out the fuckin' Earth. 'Specially if you walkin' on my fuckin' turf. I feel like Ferg how a nigga put in work. R. Kelly with the nina I'ma make it flirt. Choppa like a candy make the shit starburst. Look up in the sky, do the stars work?. I'm thinkin' that I need Percs. My mom said that's a damn shame and I need work. She say, "Fuck that shit, I need church". I said, "Fuck that shit, the church need work". And that's real. I'm happy so it's time to take some mad pills. I'm happy so it's time to take some sad pills. Fuck a bitch and put her voice up on the adlibs. I'ma probably do that. .40 on my hip, yeah, I'ma prolly shoot that. Bad bitch in my DMs I'ma prolly do that. Hit the gang up and let them run through that. This is off the top like waves in the durag. I'll leave your eye blue black. That's just how we do that. That's just how we. Spazin' on they ass do that shit all day. Rock Gucci and Louis but I dont fuck with Balmains. Out the park like a muhfuckin' baseball game. I'm Barack Obama with it I need all change. Shoot him in his face a couple times like a gun range. Call of Duty with the uzi, this is not a gun game. I run this shit like bolt nigga, no Usain. I do thangs nigga, yeah, I do thangs. Off the dome when I spit shit. This is not a written. And these other niggas they be forgettin'. That I'm the best to ever fuckin' do this. These other niggas lookin' stupid. Betrayin' they brothers, like who the fuck is you? Judas?. Who the fuck put you to it?. Choppa on my hip, I load it and put it through you. Catch me listenin' to Green Day havin' a blue day. With a bad bitch sippin' on D'USSÉ. She'll go both ways, anything for foreplay. That's what I say. That's what I say, I'm so high of the Percs. They lookin' at me sideways. I'm goin' 190, the wrong way on the highway. Tryna get my life straight. Catch me drunk drivin' in the suburban. With a nigga, the bomb strapped on his chest and a turban. I deserve it, I'm ballin' hard like I'm Julius Erman. I meant Julius Erving. I keep sippin' the bourbon mix it with the syrup turn to a serpent. One things for sure, two things for certain they blow like Kurtis. My flow close curtains. Your flow ain't workin'. So nigga keep on searchin'. I'm sure one day you'll find that person. Everybody talking Lucid Dreams. But most these niggas don't even know Lucid mean. Most of these bitches be really fuckin' losin' me. Eeny meeny miny moe, these hoes get to choosin' me. I remember when I ain't have shit. They was treatin' me like I ain't have shit. They was treatin' me like I was lower class. They was treatin' me like I was a savage. Now they in my DMs tryna say. "Juice you can have it, come over grab it". I dont wanna have it. I let my bro cut it like he fuckin' stabbed it. Taboe with the Glizzy how I'm jabbin'. How I'm jabbin'. Man spendin' money is a bad habit. But I ball out with this shit, I'm a Maverick. Make 'em disappear like magic. Call a plan then I execute like Madden. Off a flat in a bad bitch house. Tryna get it crackin' from the back end, yeah, hm. Yeah. Uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah. Uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah. Fresh off the jet. Freestyle and shit. Eminem beats, 8 Mile and shit. Where I came from the great wild and shit. Where you would get shot if you crack smiles and shit. All my niggas goin' too hard and shit. I'll pull your bitch like a card and shit. Heard she for sale I'm bargainin'. At the door, I'm barging in. Yellow boned like Marge again. I spread her out like margarine. I just marchin' in. Feelin' like a spartan kid. . [Verse 7]. See how versatile I can get, uh-huh. Okay, I'll say a few words on this. Oh... all fall from the... uh.... Okay, look. High as fuck, drunk as fuck. In the back of the car like what the fuck. Bad bitch at the crib, high as fuck off the drugs, suck me up. I was high, not her, she was sober, tryna get a uppercut. Hit 'em in the stomach with the choppa 'til the fuck nigga had enough. Freestyle shit that they take years to think up, that's true. Pull up on the scene, leave 'em inked up, choppa like a tattoo. You ain't know, she ain't know, he ain't know, nigga, I'm that dude. Matter fact make you break your back like breakdance, old school. Freestyle type to pull up, put the gun to your youth group. Matter fact take a chain on your wrist, slave you up useful, hahaha. Hell yeah, yeah, bitch, I may use you. Beat it up, beat it up, Mike Tyson I abuse you. Flow gold, so cold like diamonds fuck that rose gold. .40 on me, it'll sneeze, grab a Kleenex, got a bad cold. Pull up on him, hit him in his face twice, now he got a bad nose. I'm the type to pull up on the scene full of shit like a asshole. My flow is so cold, my flow is so cold it's so cool. These niggas so lame, these niggas so old I'm so new. Pull up on the scene just me no guys I'm solo. Feel like Kudi 'cause I'm still rockin' the Dolo. Box all on my logo, your bitch, she a ho-ho. Stick on me, yeah, the stick on and it's super big, no homo. Niggas talking that dumb shit hit 'em in his ears, no Dumbo. Not in my house with a tumble, left-right, left-right, that's a combo. I'ma serve it like cilantro, kill a nigga in his condo. Then I fuck his bitch his condo, I hit this OG, let his mom know, huh. I am the bomb, ho, I blow up just like a bomb, ho. Just let your mom know, Juice he got that Osama flow, yeah. I ain't ever gotta write, uh, I'm the shit to these niggas like, "Damn". Do I ever gotta wipe, yuh, pull up on 'em with the gun like, "Damn". That nigga finna die, yeah. I'ma overkill, overkill, probably shoot him like three times, yeah, ayy. R.I.P. to my fallen ones, I just lost my brother, for real, uh. I'm sick of lookin' at the news, I may lose another, for real, yuh. Everybody keep on snitchin' on 'em, they ain't undercovers, for real, yuh. It's how I catch 'em lackin' sleepin' with each others under covers for real, yuh. Man, shit gets real out here. Withdrawal's a bitch, I've been takin' too many pills out here. Tryna live out here, no Advils, fucked the bitch on my adlibs. Said that twice 'cause shit is mad real. Man, Westwood throw on some different shit. I'm still rappin' on it 'cause I'm showin' the distance between me and these other niggas. Like I said, I can fuck your mother nigga. Like I said, I can fuck your babysitter. Like I said, I'm here to baby niggas, for real. . [Verse 8]. Hmm, that was interesting. What's that genre called?. UK drill, okay, uh. It kinda sound like Chicago drill though. Sound like some DJ L shit. You know DJ L? You heard DJ L? Yeah. Uh-uh, yeah. Let's see how long I could rap. Let's see how long they could act. I was just up in the trap. I had my gun in my lap. I shoot a nigga like crabs. I shake up, I don't do dab. Run up on me then I run up on him with that chopper he hittin' the lab. I add it up I add the bodies up that is the aftermath. Up in school he wanna fight, I beat him up after class. Then I meet at the next class and beat him up after that. I had the last laugh. Bombin' like Baghdad, where my dad at?. Guess he a bad dad, that was his last chance. I am the last man, they killed every one of my niggas. I am the last man, this is the last stand, I got the big bands. Ayy, I could rap on anything, married to a wedding ring, yuh. Need a crown I been the king, yuh, niggas funny, Jerry Spring-yuh. I don't got time for it, nuh, I just rock Tom Ford it, yuh. Pull up on him, god damn, I'ma up the odd got a nine for it, yuh. I feel like a chiropractor when I get it crackin' I'ma crack a spine. I'm a fuck a bitch so good, she gon' let me hit it from behind, yuh. Matter fact I pull up on you wit' a chopper to yo brain and change your mind, yuh. I'm at the top of the top, but it's still more to climb, yuh. I change the climate, pull up on him I'm shining. Two-tone skeleton A.P on the way rolly diamonds. Niggas talkin' down to me, but all this niggas under me. Actin' like some pirates, 'cause they tryna rob and plung-e me. But I ain't got no time, I just got my 40, and I got your shawty. Off of the molly, up in the party, she actin' naughty. I tell her sorry I cannot fuck, I wanna play her like an Atari. I just may borrow her to go to Paris, coolin' with Bari, yuh. Vlone on me, uh, yeah, Revenge on me, yuh, ayy, that's your homie. I may kill him fuck your homie, yuh, ayy, that's by my lonely. Only wanted me no cloney, I can't fuck her if she not thick, 'cause I really. Don't fuck with the boneys. Yeah, hm. Fuck 12, I don't fuck wit' the police. These niggas, fake friends, hatin', thinkin' that they know me. I got the force like Obi-Wan, last name Kenobi. Course I'm with a white bitch, still catching the nose bleeds. . [Verse 9]. Oh, ayy, aight bet. That's my shit. This beat hard as fuck. What that nigga Blocboy say? You come Hell, hahaha. From the Chi, from the Chi, look alive. I've been working like a damn nine-to-five all my life. Put my dick in your wife. Double back, hit it twice. Run up on me, that's okay, you a pussy, get shot nine times. I'm in the cut with a super soaker, run up on me and you know it's over. All of my niggas they doin', doin' the work like they doin' homework. All of my niggas be whippin' the work. Probably selling it at church. Run up on me you get murked. I'ma put you in a hearse. Ayy, ayy, they don't understand. I got the upper hand. Poppin' like rubber bands. I may kill your friend, I may kill your man. Then I may just fuck you on this track let's go to Japan. I'm up in Tokyo coolin' like Uber, everywhere. I may shoot him in broad day, I never care. Look alive that shit bright, solar flare. Home run, goin', gone, it's outta here, yeah, ayy. Me and Westwood smokin' on the Backwood. Pre-rolled, filled it good that's a packed wood. I may just pop some Perkies, I pray to God they workin'. Shit cut too deep surgeon, pull up on the scene I'll murk him. Turn to a whole different person, flex on a bitch like Percules. Matter fact call me Hercules. Same ol' person, fuck on that bitch, she from Taiwana. I cannot roll wood, with my marijuana. I am not with the DJ, DJ Drama. Andre with the cash, cash the commas. Look alive, please look alive. 'Cause if you look too late fuck it then you may die. I'm just coolin' trap house, skate on them niggas, no blackout. I ain't with the flirtin' at all, but, bitch, I got the MAC out. That shit dead Bernie Mac now. Tell them niggas to calm down. I feel like Osam now, fuck the shit I'm the bomb now. I'm just vibin' on 'em, I'm just high tryna survive tryna-. Keep this beat goin', I fuck with this shit. Look alive, uh, look alive, uh. Jet lag but I still look alive, jet lag but I still look alive. I only slept for a hour, that's on the plane. But I'm still here, lit as a bitch, these niggas be lame. Run up on me then I'm snatching your life, and I'm snatching your chain, probably snatching your main. I'm kickin' this shit like, off of the brain. Half of these niggas can't do it, half of 'em probably look stupid. Run up on me then I do it, I got my hand on my toolie. I use that bitch like a toilet, flush on that bitch, I enjoy it. I just went on a voyage, yeah, I just went on a voyage. These shoes cost your mortgage. I—. Ayy, I definitely want to drop a remix to this shit, like officially, this beat hard as fuck. Ayy, ayy, look, these shoes cost your mortgage and these bitches imported, uh. Pull up on the scene I'll torch 'em, ball on them niggas full court. Whippin' in the trap no fort, I need a sport. I get some head from yo bitch 'cause I swear that bitch is a dork. Run up on him with the chopper, I swear I'ma shoot 'em for real I don't show no remorse. Nah, I don't show no remorse, shoot 'em in his head of course. That's what we aim at, that's what we bang at. Niggas switching over money that's where they change at. I cannot change over change, bitch, I'm remaining the same. I'm screaming fuck all the games, I'll put a shot through your gang. I don't give a fuck what you say, I'm getting money all-day. Ball till I'm bald think I need a toupee. Cross the street, the bitch go both ways. Freestyle shit no write, you couldn't pay me to write. I got a .40 on my hip like damn, you niggas couldn't pay me to fight. Niggas couldn't pay me to die, losin' too many niggas out this time. What's Juice WRLD on? That nigga probably out his mind. Well, look alive, do or die, free my nigga, he did the time. He ain't do the crime, don't believe me, I ain't lyin'. I ain't tellin', die, switch up, switch up. . [Verse 10]. Okay, let's skate. Bad bitch finna come my way. Going 90 when I'm on the Highway. Can't go high without the high, ayy. Every day I wake up, smoke another gram. I don't give a fuck nor another damn. I'm smokin' the kush from the Hoover Dam. I'ma let these bitches know who I am. I can make whole songs without messin' up. Gotta fess up, I feel like I'm next up. Bad lil' bitch in the car named Vanessa. She's a flexer and a sexta. Yeah, ayy, sext her and finesse her. Then it's next, yuh, then it's next, yuh. Bow flex from the way this shit work out. Choppa leave a nigga shaking like it's twerk out. Tyson, I may knock his lights out. Like I said shawty strapped, she tryna dyke now. Run up on me talkin' shit, you wanna die now. Choppa workin' kinda like a 9 to 5 now. Switch the flow up. Drinking Henny with the lean, until I throw up. Almost spent 2k on a bottle of some Henny. I don't even drink that heavy, what the fuck gotten in me. Totin' on the semi. Hardaway when I'm ballin' these niggas comparin' me to penny. Spare change? Hell nah, keep the pennies. Ballin' hard fuck a jersey need a penny, yeah, ayy. Caught a fat nigga lacking he was up at Denny's. He don't want smoke but we got plenty. I'm on bullshit like Chicago, no Benny, uh. I'm in London gettin' it jumpin'. Run up on me and I'm uppin' the .40, uh, yeah it ain't nothin'. All of my niggas be makin' this money, no assumption. I goin' fuck the bank until that horny bitch cummin'. Watch a nigga vomit like I said my momma really think that I'm demonic. Mom let's be honest, it's money in my pockets. I feel like a angel with these devil horns, stop it. You don't want no problems like Wayne said cool what's a goon to a goblin. What's a God without a goddess, so I need me a goddess. Fuck being humble, shit, I'm done being modest. Nah, I'm playin', all this shit a blessin'. Catch this chopper into yo intestines. Mic check, 1-2, testin'. Pull up on the scene slam wrestlin'. Me and Westwood straight flexin'. I just may drop a hundred on a necklace. I just may drop a hundred on my next bitch. Flexin' on the ex bitch, uh, I do that in private. My gun a librarian that bitch came with a silencer. Yes, I'm for the violence, I still want peace though. Yes I got a girlfriend these niggas do hoes. Pull up on the scene like kick shit like Judo. I'm the type—. That beat hard, I ain't never really listen to instrumentals, like you know like the instrumentals of the songs and shit? These bitches be hard. . [Verse 11]. Plug Walk. You know you ain't the plug, so how you make the plug walk, uh. Boy, yo' plug ain't the plug of he tell you that the plug walk, uh. Fuck the cookies, I been smokin' on the kush Luke Skywalker, yeah. 2 grams to the face it'll make a nigga sky walk. Lean like a bitch, choppa on my hip I gotta beam in that bitch. Heat you up and your team in that bitch, things ain't really what they seem in that bitch. Me and Bibby gettin' busy in like every beat, I'm like Miami when I'm on the scene I always keep the heat. Niggas must be virgins thinkin' they can fuck with me, wits about me luckily it's on me luckily. .40 on me like Velcro it's stuck to me, keep it on my hip, holst it up comfortably. Freestyle flows, they some wannabes. Back in yo' bitch with the swiftness. Taylor with the shit feel like swift, bitch. Pull up on the scene rockin' misfits. Ever since a kid I was a misfit. Still did my damn thing, never gave a fuck. Niggas talkin' stupid till I pull up make 'em duck. Choppa kinda hungry, better heat him up for lunch. Better heat him up for lunch. I'ma let it breath like a asthma attack. Come and step to me if you gon' battle the rap. I was on the scene with my Mac, yeah, my Mac. Shoot 'em in his chest now he asthma attack. Cardiac arrest like he MJ, R.I.P. he was the greatest what can I say. Ballin' on these niggas like MJ, you like an old play but you been played. Outdated, all these niggas belated, belated, outdated, all these niggas belated. Look, came in the game flexin' like I've been famous. Damn, right like I been famous. .40 on me got to shooting, bitch, I been aimin'. Niggas false claimin' shit bitch I been bangin'. Try me if you wanna, you don't want no smoke but I want it. You don't want no smoke don't condone it. Pull up on the scene of my opponents. Spazz on they ass, run it like track. Shit so cold, run that shit back. Got so much drive if I crash this shit, muhfucka, muhfuckas, may just catch whiplash. Me and Westwood in the 'Rari where you at we shootin' up the party. Bad bitch and she rollin' off the Molly. Dreads on my head feel gnarly. OG in the blunt Bob Marley. Dej Loaf with the shit don't try me. .40 stick a nigga in his face, no IV. Smoke a nigga like a blunt no eye ring. Flow go so cray. Shout out to them Pirus, flow go so bray. Pull up to the scene with my hand on my K. Shoot a nigga in his face, fuck you have a nice day. I just may hit the ice tray. I just may hit up go that way. I'ma roll-off on the Segway. I'm takin' off these niggas on a drag race. Niggas auto-tuning like they T-Pain. Niggas workin' out they outta shape. Fuckin' with me cool you gon die today. Hell yeah, I'm gripping on my fire today. . [Verse 12]. Run up on me then you catchin' a funeral. I scratch it off write it in Roman numerals. I fucked that bitch in the back and I swear that I never loved her I just want to hit her. I fucked that bitch now I'm hitting her sister. Run up on me you get spin like a twister. Told you before I don't fuck with these niggas. I got my hand on on my hand on my trigger. I'ma go get 'em, she on my dick hoppin', I'm callin' her tigger. I tell her, "Go figure". She suck through the tommy's, I'm talkin' Hilfiger. Tommy on me, I ain't talking Hilfiger. That bitch a gun. Run up on me, I got heat like the sun. Count up to two 'cause I am not the one, uh. Better locked up, Akon. All my other niggas they gone. R.I.P. to all they souls, condolences to all they moms, uh. That's just how it is. I'm in the bank, makin' it flip, talkin' that shit. I hit yo bitch just like a lick. I'm with the shits, I pass the 'Roc. Ain't no assist, bitch on my cock. Run up on me then you get shot. I feel like Bishop, I got the Juice, back when the cut, callin' it Pac, yuh. I'm in the cut with the nina. I'm wettin' it up like this shit Aquafina. You run up on me then I'm servin' 'em bullets like tennis balls. Nigga ain't talkin' Serena. All of my niggas get money for real. I do money for shows, I cash out on arenas. I take yo' bitch, fuck her. Send to the cleaners. Run up on me then I'm killin'. I swear that my hand on my nina. Don't want no smoke. All of these niggas ain't nothin' but jokes. Run up on me like a.. like a Facebook post, lil' nigga, you poked, uh. I'm a rich nigga, you broke, uh. Must be a pimp, you a ho, yah. Run up on me, let's go. *gunshot sounds* hop on ghosts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm finna catch myself, yeah, uh. Breathe in and out, I had to catch my breath. Now I'ma spaz on they ass. I leave 'em leakin' on maxi pads. Hotter than a nigga in New York with a bag full of clothes tryna catch a taxi cab. Run up on a nigga, that chopper blast. Told you I cannot do battle rap. Fuck ass tryna battle, that shit kill. Shaquille, rim rattle that. Niggas, they snitch, they tattle that. Send that shit back, damn. You must be dope, bitch, I'm crack, yuh. Damn, a couple of grams, to be exact, yuh. Shit I'm young, rich and black, yeah, yeah. So you know they hatin' that. I'm finna spaz on they ass and you know it. You run up on me then I'm shootin', it's over. I got a way with words, they call me a poet, damn. Run up on me then I'm soaking. That .40 on me and you know that it's blowin', you know that I’m towin'. Your bitches are hoeing, you know that shit goin', uh. I met that bitch on the lowin'. I picked up on a high route, we smokin', huh. Hotbox in the new whip with a new bitch. I don't even know her name, yah. Run up on me, that's okay. Got a AK on me, it's at your brain, yah. I put my dick in your main, yah. I just may go snatchin' chains, yah. Bring it back. I sold that shit to the gang. I sold that shit to the gang. Run up I may snatch yo chain. I sold that shit to the gang. Can't you niggas see the difference. Every day I'm on a different shit. I'm just tryna keep my distance, yuh. I'm just tryna keep my distance, yuh. Fuck niggas can't get with it. Transform like I'm Witwicky. In the new car, boy, I'm quick with it. With a white bitch and she still sniffin'. From the shit I bought her last night. Jet lagged from the last flight. Scuffed up the pair of black Mikes. That I bought when I was up in L.A., huh. Switch it up, kinda like a sex change huh. .40 on my hip like a gun range, uh. Pull up on a nigga like okay, huh. Man down, bitch, no mayday, uh. Westwood, I think I could rap forever. I think I could rap forever. No matter where I'm at. No matter the continent. I could probably rap wherever. I could spit whatever, ahh. Probably take a bitch wherever, ahh. They said them plays for the kid. They said to pick whenever. I'ma go in one more time. I drop that bitch like a dime. She fall in love with the words. Then she fall in love with the lines. Yeah, there's a difference. Yeah, there's a diff—. Fuck it, I'm just tryna catch a vibe. . [Verse 13]. Oh. I always f— like forget how the beginning of this song sound. Uh-huh, yeah. Uh. Uh, this one for the legend, uh. I feel like a king, and these other niggas peasants, uh. We should take another nigga loss as a lesson, uh. Hopefully, I'm finna meet these niggas up in heaven, uh. I feel like I'm lost in my mind sometimes, uh. I feel like I'm dropped like a dime sometimes, uh. I'm just trying to find out what's mine sometimes, uh. I'm just trying to find out what's mine sometimes, uh, ayy. I get lost in the sauce way too often. Uh, bought my soul back like I fuckin' sold it. Uh, ayy, huh, this shit cold, this shit scolding. Yuh, ayy, I wonder what happens when my life over. Sometimes I think it's coming up. I think they runnin' up. So yes, I'ma keep my .40 tucked. I cannot go out, I cannot go out. I will not go out, I gotta show out. I ball too hard on these niggas, it's a blowout. Yeah, it's a blowout. Uh, yeah, ayy. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Homicide, baby, would you hold my gun?. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Live a lie, look at all the shit you've done, uh. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Homicide, go on and hold my gun. Specify, all the lies you've told. Look at me, what am I on?. Percy, Molly, Xanny, all that shit, in one mix. I'm so high that I cannot remember to forget. Matter of fact, let's just take a sec. Rest in peace to the niggas that left. Rest in peace to the niggas that left. And praise all the niggas that's left. I feel like I'm up in my prime. But who am I gon' share my prime with?. Who am I gon' share my time with?. Sometimes it's just perfect timing. Singing like I'm CeCe Winans. Damn, this shit's unwinding. Yuh, yeah, yeah, ayy. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Homicide if you try to rob my plug, ayy. Homicide if you try to take my gun. I'ma hit a lick like I smack that tongue, yeah. Suicide if you try to take my drugs. Homicide if you try to rob my plug. Homicide if I'm reaching for my gun. I'm not the one, I'm not the one, ayy. R-I-P. I'm sad, I know, yeah. I'm sad, I know, yeah. I'm not the one, yeah. I'm not the one, yeah. . [Verse 14]. Shit. Uh, it's been a long time comin'. But I'm still here. Everybody talking 'bout they numb or something, wait. Can you feel here. All this fake shit around me is this some real here. All this sober shit around me is there some pills here. For real, I need to know. I need to know. My mama tell me that I need to let 'em go. She say the syrup in these pills finna kill me. But sometimes I think it brings out the real me. Sometimes I think it brings out the concealed me. Sometimes I think it exposes and reveals me. So what happens when the real meets the real. What happens when Juice meets the pills. Uh-uh-uh, yeah. Westwood shit. I'm up in London. Gettin' it bussin'. Ain't no discussion, run up on me then I'm drummin'. My choppa sick or something. Like it was drunk I up it it'd start to vomit, ooh. That's a bar. Lookin' at my watch like that's a star, huh. Lookin' at my spaceship like that's a car, huh. Lookin' at my pills, them Xanny bars, nah. In 2016 I was poppin' them Xannies. Now I'm in Percies. Lastin' forever in panties. Run up on me goin' harder than granite. Sit down muhfucker 'cause I know you can't stand it. Outlandish, I'm gorilla in the mesh. You just a Kung Fu Panda. I ain't sippin' clean nothin', this some dirty Fanta. With a bitch on my lap like my first name Santa. You get jacked like a pumpkin, no O'Lantern, uh. VVS on my ring like the Green Lantern you gon' kiss it like a Mafia king. I'm a boss, that's a Mafia thing. 808 my chopper that's a Mafia thing, yeah, uh. Yeah, I did it. Mom, I made it. From goin' to physics class, to. Tourin' the world, shittin' on everybody, the world is my potty. I'm shitting on every posse. And I don't even got a team like that. I aim with my eye, I don't need a beam like that. Run up on me, choppa make you sing like that. Make you march like Martin Luther King, in fact. I'm blacked, and excellent. I'm shittin' on these niggas, this is a excrement. I rapped on another beat that's some extra shit. You niggas gon' have to deal with the mess of it. I thought I told yo ass not to mess wit' it. I see this shit before I say it, telepathy. It's like I talk to my conscious, I say what it's tellin' me. Anything besides money, eh, it's kinda irrelevant. I can't focus without codeine, my medicine. I sip it until I'm slurrin' and spittin' impediments. I'm ballin' to the point where I think I need a Letterman. Westwood at the gates of London, he just had to let 'em in. I'm here, spazzin' on every single track he pass. You run up, I leave you leakin' on a maxi pad. I'm ballin', hard, these other niggas on the bench. I swear, they need to stay where they at. Nigga, I'm takin' over the world, a map for a map. I'm off of a ecstasy pill, that's a flat for a flat. I'm up to bat, throw a fastball, it's a hit. I hit a lick, then I hit a hit on yo' bitch, I don't miss. Listen, I heard yo' bitch on my hit list, I hit that bitch, then I'm dippin'. You run up on me, I'm shootin', that choppa on me is spittin'. My wordplay is amazing, my flow is so brazy, huh. I'm shakin' shit up like I said, no Haiti. This is freestyle shit, it's authentic. My flow, it burns niggas careers is arsenic, uh. My flow badder than bad women. I rock shows like Kravitz and John Lennon. Yo sins ain't forgivin'. I'm the rap God, call me Juice Allah. Did I take it too far?. Did I take two bars, to get on Mars?. To more like Dubai, hold on. I got a little tongue twisted, but I'm still gifted. Still spittin', still rippin' writtens. This premonition is really killin' it. And these niggas ain't shit. But Civics, me I'm Bentley. Get it, bitch. Don't you forget it. The shit that you talking, I really lived it, uh. I sold my soul then bought it back, I finessed 'em, uh. You run up on me, choppa holy it'll bless 'em, uh. He talking stupid 'til they shoot him, that's my weapon, uh. I got a couple of bars I could spit. Maybe I'll just use 'em in this shit. Or maybe I'll just use 'em in a skit. My first guess, they wanted shit. My next project, it's gon' be harder. My arm in the rim, really, I feel like Vince Carter. I'm at yo head nigga, I feel like a barber. You on the bench nigga, and I am a starter. I die for my shit nigga, feel like I'm a martyr. My shit's off the charts. You run up, that's okay, you catch a hole to your heart. I put that on my life, and that shit come from the heart. I'm freestyling on live, that's how it is. Yo bitch swallow the kids. She up in my crib, I'm tellin' you how it is. Man, this rap shit serious like XM, huh. I ex them, huh. I fuck the bitch that he's next to, uh. She hangin' out, fuck her curfew, uh. You my son, lil' nigga, I birthed you. But I shine, like the pair of them church shoes. I ain't been to church in a long time, 'cause they all lies. All the legends, where they at? They all die. Well, I don't wanna be a legend up in my prime. But, I know it's still prime time. Stars, how I shine. When they align with the planet, you know some shit is goin' on. I transform like Omegatron when my favorite song is on. Fuckin' that bitch like the Ramadan. Man, I spit shit. So cool. I breakdance shit like the old school. I'm never runnin' out of energy, I'm a suspect grippin' this firearm in your vicinity. Try me if you want, 'cause I swear it's not gon' end cool. I'ma prolly pull up to your cruel like, "Where the fuck is you?". Cock it back and then I shoot. W-W-W, I can't lose. Ayy, I flew from London to Chicago. Money in my pockets, I may get a Murciélago. That's all that I know. Shout out to my kinfolk, they know I'm totin' ammo. In the streets they call me Rambo, ain't no peace where I'm from. But these pieces, we tote 'em, you run up on me it's over. Like a cig, we gon' smoke 'em. I put yo ass in a coma. Smokin' kush, this aroma, leave yo ass in a coma. Ballin' out like I'm Odom before the crack, don't you get it?. Spittin' crack on these niggas, define niggas like physics. Shut the fuck up and listen, I'm ballin' hard like a Piston. Nigga this shit's enlisted just like a army, lil' nigga. I swear to god I'm invincible you can't harm me lil' nigga, yeah. I'm talkin' to you. I sent you my address a couple weeks ago, you ain't come through. 'Cause you know we was gon' leave yo ass dropped like a sunroof on a new coupe. Haha, I talk a lotta shit. But it all means something. . [Verse 15]. He pullin' out hella beats, cool. This shit sound hard, there's some soul to this shit. Shit, bat. Your bitch miss me like the old Kanye. That's what she say. It's not what I say. That's what she say. I'm early to the money I can never be late. Always good I always been great. These niggas ain't straight, they always been gay. No offense, no offense. Please don't proceed to hop up on my dick. Haha, man. Listen how the flow go. Outer space I'm ballin' like I'm shootin' up on Pluto. Talkin' stupid to me 'til I pull up let the tool blow. Emperor new school, call me Juice Kuzco. Known to flip this shit and kick it like I'm knowing Judo. That's just how it goes though. If I touch the world I told you that shit is a snow globe. That's just how my flow is. Living in the moment. Your bitch swallow my kids. I can say that in a million different ways. I can break it down, a million different phrases. Look at all my songs on the playlist. It's evident that I'm your bitches favorite. I ain't even have to say it. I ain't even have to say it. They just left my blood on the pavement. Now I gotta come back gotta slay 'em. Nigga what the fuck you thought you was saying?. Run up on me, that's okay, I AK 'em. I could freestyle shit for hours. Your bitch super wet, fresh out the shower. I fly in that bitch like superpowers. You goofier than a bitch, lil' Austin Powers. Man, but I'm still feelin' groovy. I fuck your bitch in the back of the movies. I'm in the cut and I'm totin' a uzi. It got a clip, shoot a movie like Clooney. You gotta problem nigga you can come and suit me. She Paul Wall 'cause she wanna chop and screw me. Huh, she wanna chop and screw me. I'm like a book to her, she gon' renew me. Uh, look, I spent your allowance, on, a pair of shoes. Uh, I spent your mortgage, on a pair, of cars. Yeah, two matching Lambos. Up in Toronto, gon' let your mom know. I got that bomb flow, I'll fuck your mom, ho. I feel like, uh, feel like Osama. I don't really know where to start I got a heavy heart. Choppa on me, I'ma shoot it tear his ass apart. And that's just what it is. Freestyling on Westwood, you know that we get it in. I ain't come here with no shit written, nah. I ain't come here with no shit written, nah. So I'm off the dome, jet lag kicking. Doin' the best that I can for my niggas, yeah. Ayy, Westwood, we should go shoppin'. I got about twenty thousand dollars in my pocket. I'm tryna buy Balenciagas, no posits. Buy it all, no deposits. If I need more cash, let's hit Chase then make a withdrawal. You know I got it. Interscope got me livin' a lil' proper. I'm hoping that I prosper. My gun is finna sing, that's an Opera. These niggas acting, I think they need a Oscar. Therapy or something, what's they problem?. I'm sick of being modest. I'm like Future at the end of the day, I'm just being honest. Man, I rapped on like seventy beats. Niggas gon' go back and listen to me. Bitches prolly gon' get wet, damn near pissin' to me. On twitter, mentioning me wishing they were with me. Some niggas against me, some niggas don't get me. Some niggas won't hit me. But that's cool, 'cause I'm cool. Yeah, I'm bool, fuck what you do. I pull up with that chopper, stick his ass like voodoo. I'm the shit up on the niggas like a bunch of doodoo, haha. . [Outro]. Man, man. Let's go buy some cars or something. I know you got it, you a legend. Where your Tesla at, nigga, I know you got it12Embed