Now, DNA & K-Shine vs. 100 Bulletz & Charron?. Whoa, that's somethin’ you gotta watch with friends. I mean, it was hilarious to see this nigga get slapped for pullin' out the fake gat as a prop to win. We all know K-Shine's NWX, right? Well, from the way he rocked his chin. Oh, when he slapped his ass, boy, I almost thought he was Dot Mobb again. Nigga, that slap — was a "fuck you" to your Aryan cousins. Nigga, that slap — was for Nat Turner and Harriet Tubman. Nigga, that slap — oh, it made me proud to be black, in that very moment. Watchin’ a fake gettin' his ass beat like Jussie Smollett. I don't condone it. Sayin' ya chrome spit so the culture will accept you. When we talk guns, nigga, that's where we from, that's the culture that we left, too. But you're a vulture, and he checked you for doin' some stupid over-the-top white shit. I mean, if you want respect from the hood, just die, and I can help you get sniped quick. ’Cause I know they won’t respect him 'til (Emmett Till) I let it whistle at the white bitch. Y’all over-hype shit and say this nigga better than me?. Well now I'll show you, I got a whole 'nother level to reach. It goes, Father, Son, Holy Spirit. Sermon? Ready. Go and preach. Yo, if you gon' continue that you blowin’ pistols. Me? Nah, I'd rather hold a Ginsu, poke it in you. Spin around with the blade, I'm Yoshimitsu. I wanna see your soul fly, look at me while I'm killin' you. Your thought, so suspenseful. I'll have him holdin' a wound and lookin' up. Like he at a new restaurant and don't know the menu. Bro this venue? Just went crazy. They got sent, into an uproar. But the thing that they ignore. Is I'm a 300 pound man, and just said I would stab you with a sword. Nigga a fuckin' sword?!. And y'all respect it?. When he say "bow" and "bang" and let his TEC spit. Instead of tellin' him to scratch out the "Bows" Wow. Y'all rather let the mess stick (domestic). I ain't impressed wit', Charron, The SMACK Killer or Billy Pistolz. Cause if Charron get smacked killer, hope that pistol really witcha. I'll kill this nigga. Or knock him out cause y'all said that he really will kill me. Oh these Dukes are Hazard too, so it'll be a long time before you heal (hill) Billy. Only the real feel me. I don't give a fuck if you don't see it tucked. Nigga that don't mean that you good, jerk. Pinocchio, nigga the long nose can come out the wood work. Danny Myers told me to tap yo' pockets. I said, "Nah. I ain't gonna do it to the man.". Cause the white boy fuck around and lose his legs if it ain't no loot in it (Lieutenant) Dan. I'm not playin'!. So y'all said I should be worried about the rebuttals nigga. Well ha ha bitch. I rebuttal too, and I ain't them other niggas. So comin' against ya, I ain't y'all was worried in no conversation. Cause if we take the gloves off, I'll use your own powers against you. I know how to stop any Rogue operation. Nigga it's ya turn. [Round 1: Charron]. ARP hit me up like, "I got a no name for you.". I said, "A rookie?" He said, "No he's battled for a decade like you.". "Oh DaJuan Wilson." I ain't here to play with you. I'll pay something from the crowd to start lacin' you. You'll get leaked by a fan that's Pay-Per-View. You want gun bars? Don't try 'em out yet. Only time I get bucks from a cannon (Cannon/Kannon) is a Wild N Out check. The freestyle king, there's no way you'll get around. I'm out of your league, I don't go to war fair (warfare) I'm takin' off the crown. They want gun bars, I ain't gonna claim I buck heads to cater to the crowd. If I want him dead I'll pay someone from Buckhead or Decater in the crowd. It's Billy Pistolz, the gun slinger, Terror Squad you a Puns figure. Bar after bar blacking like a drunk's liver. SWAT come to the crib, I'm a young hitter. Haven't seen this many Big MACs in a White House since a Trump dinner. You scared Aak? I make prayers stop. Anyone around me can get the pic; Airdrop. A cannons (Kannon's) outdated I got bare Glocks. I got a ratchet so old, it's 'bout to start strippin' at Clairmont. That's Billy Pistolz, I don't spray off slugs. I never touched an AR cuz. I don't have a Shotgun or a Kannon, but my graveyard does. As a rapper you caught hate they say Kannon is not great. I think you're as good as Bigg K...after he lost weight. I'm a corny white boy I ain't scared of that. You'll need to switch it up to win (twin); Parent Trap. RBE debut I'm prepared to rap. UDubb, Bullpen, was there on SMACK. Whether suburban nerd or you carry gats. Mona Lisa I (eye) connect no matter where they at. And we in the AI, don't need practice, take ya shot. I ain't going back to Canada Dry I'ma make this pop. You called me out? They shoulda made you stop. White barber you gonna regret this fade you got. So sit calm (sitcom) or I'll have the blade leave a gash. I call it Home Improvement, it'll have Mr. Wilson's face cut in half. That's what my team bout. Dent your (denture) grill Chiclets'll be out. This dentist (Dennis) The Menace, a white boy's knockin' Mr. Wilson's teeth out. You keep gettin' killed, it's bad for business. Photo bomb, this extra body gonna fuck up Kannon's (Canon's) image. You went on KOTD, they never brung you back. Sobriety chip, you're done with SMACK. You're the worlds oldest rookie it's a fucking fact. There mid tier, bottom tier, Rich Dolarz and you're under that. If I'm the vet and you're the rookie, you must be wack. You've been mid tier for ten years neither one of us can rebuttal that. When you need opponents ARP puts those bands together. You only swim in the 'Shark Tank' cause you have investors. Will you be in Summer Madness? Never. You've been rappin' since you were young Kannon and even Young Kannon better. You don't develop, we haven't seen you snap forever. You just can't get the picture, you're the worst Canon (Kannon) ever. So spit your rebuttals, I hope you have them on deck. I got more lines you can't see than the back of your neck. It's Blood, Sweat & Tiers,deposit that reality check. You've been in the scene longer than me and you're the rookie that gets run battle the vet'. Time!. You might also like[Round 2: Big Kannon]. Alright look. Now y'all heard the line about Cannon passin' his checks. Hold on to it, guarantee we gon' double back. But y'all gotta chill, cause I ain't even gonna rebuttal yet. Alright y'all ready?. Now...hold on nigga. How you cocky...and autistic?. That's different. And you Crippin'?. Boy I see why Arsonal snatched your flag over C's. The crazy thing about it, is he actually snatched your flag overseas. Remindin' me, of Fight Klub, you know way back in the scene. Cause he cut you off from yellin' 60's like International P. Now I know Grape Street and 60's are two different gangs. But he didn't know the difference, I mean he just figures that all this shit's the same. Well say he's in a gang, I mean honestly people, we should feel it's great. I mean they gave him his own division cause they know he's autistic; called the Gilbert Grape's. I mean they jumped him in the gang. Gave him a helmet, water gun with some Grape Street apparel. And told him he needs to check in with his OG's...Radio and Lil' Darrell. I mean nigga you retarded, but you ain't retarded enough. To really think that you the SMACK Killer. Look where you at nigga, it's RBE. You beat a few black niggas, but never that nigga. Let's talk facts witcha. Them others, they ain't have the right plan to attack ya. And that's how you be damagin' rappers. Well you and the fans got it backwards. Just cause you seen him cook he (cookie) gorilla? Well now you got an animal, cracker. I heard the chatter, that this battle was booked for the rebuttals that we can throw into here. Nigga it's Charron...no one cares. One of KOTD's lowest tiers before all of the black folks appeared. So if we gon' compare, us to anybody, you know what? I think Stockton and Malone is fair. Cause you talk (Utah) Jazz but the black man been givin' you an assist for your whole career. Over there! You had yo' chance to be the man. I mean you battled Pat Stay for the chain, that was sloppy. It was like Sharif with Cane cousin. Niggas seen him get the shot, and still chose to stay wit' the body. How you able to stop me? With the skin of a Nazi?. Boy I'll violate you, slide blade through your cranium slice, look like I'm tryin' to fade you. One slice, oh the nigga still white, I guess God still tryin' to save you. The second slice, split his melon in two, he bi-racial. How guys rate you, is that you one of the best. ...Yeah I guess. Boy, you just look like you took battle rap and tried to imitate it. But knew nothin' about the culture or the essence, that's cool, cause I can demonstrate it. Wasn't your picture taken, with a 40, cigar and confederate flag?. Yes you niggas heard me, he posted a picture with a confederate flag. See that alone show me you got yo' head in yo' ass. And you a part of the culture and don't belong in it. Cause I ain't even mad you took the picture, I'm more mad you didn't recognize somethin' was wrong with it. I won't be long winded, you know, stand here and call you "racist" for clout. But I guess battle rap ain't the only reason got him thinkin' white men can hang in the south. Boy this a dangerous bout. Oh them others that you faced, nigga they ain't give a fuck. But I ain't never met a white person in the world I wanted to kill as much. I mean, K-Shine! K-Shine couldn't zip him up. Nor Arsonal, so this one, is for y'all goofies. Cause finally, the boy caught it (boycotted) from a black face, now everything, all Gucci. I mean dawg salute me! Cause y'all said to get my respect, I gotta go through this bum. So the white boy ain't skatin'. Ain't nobody robbin' big (Rob & Big) but this one. Nigga it's ya turn man. [Round 2: Charron]. This ain't ya first mistake you always die vs the greats. You battlin' is the reason for Chicago's high murder rate. You hit up ARP like, "My G, I deserve a plate.". Your career's so dead you should headline every Pearly Gates. This how you work a body, no ergonomic, ARP, bet it hurts to watch it. He gon' be pissed the way I send money back to him; Verb deposit. I spit crack, you sip Coke, are substance different. You purchase clips, I 30 Clips, are guns are different. You're fat, I'm skinny, are struggles different. You order 30 pieces, I drop 30 pieces, our hunger's different. Stop calling out Calicoe, let's get this out the way. It's 2019 you're irrelevant today. No one wants to see (C) Kannon even you spell it with a "K". You've been mid tier for 10 years, I studied the game tapes. Rusty blade, put a cut to this lame's face. Stab the wound over and over since he used to be stuck in the same place. That preacher voice ain't gonna work. You're writtens are so outdated it hurts. You've caused so many smoke breaks Al Kapone wants to put your face on his shirts. You're verified on Uber Eats, dawg you're the man. Sparklers fly when your driver hops out the van. Harmin' his brand, I'm a magician, it's part of my plan. I smoked Magic now I have da wand (DaJuan) in the palm of my hand. I want the old DaJuan get your rap on Kannon. You fell off I'm trying to put you back on Kannon. Where's that Moe Dirdee, I put a stack on Kannon. I want the O-Red cookie flips, get your snack in Kannon. You were good, but in the past it's like we passed on Kannon. Where's R.I.P. Hamilton? I wanna see the mask on Kannon. No one wants to hear a written Big Kannon line?. I'd rather go back in time and get slapped by Shine. He be in the streets he don't let me know. Like, "Why come outside if that semi blow.". I be selling work letting weapons go. This there's the realest-. Those aren't my bars. I used it as an example. I just spit a mixtape verse, that's the closest you'll get to a Calicoe battle. 2010; a huge MC. 2019; Who is he?. This cannon (Kannon) ran out of ammo you're just a shell of what you used to be. You're as watered down as Shotgun pocket checkin' me. You know cause I dropped my water when I was pocket-. You are not a threat to me. Judas drop 30 when I cross my enemy. Triple H, get a hearse thinkin' you on my pedigree. You dissed Kenneka Jenkins and got booed, you lost their energy. That backfired Kannon (cannon), your rounds have the wrong trajectory. You keep gettin' problems with DNA; botched vasectomy. You started Writer's Bloque, I've seen y'all discredit me. You must be in shrooms to think you won't get this box eventually. Super Mario I take lives from any block (Bloque) that questions me. Gorilla Warfare was an animal, they haven't put out a classic in years. Writers Bloque caught a case of itself, and that disappeared. Now you're a vet on a rookie squad, I think your status is clear. . {fake chokes}. . That's not a choke, it's a moment of silence for your league, crew and battle career. . [Round 3: Big Kannon]. Being here with Charron. I've never seen somethin' more weird than Charron. Until I seen the bearded Charron. I mean it's clear that you've grown. I me he be on Instagram, postin' model pictures, oh the kid mad fresh. You tell he goin' to Super Cuts, and he'll get the Bed Affleck. That nigga get the Ben Affleck you know what I mean?. Now look, now forget all that, forget all that, cause I figure, you right. This match does not make any sense. Blood, Sweat & Tiers is for vets to give shots. To the less popular to get them poppin' in the mix. So who's the vet outta us?. Dawg, this whole match up, everything was sick. But you know what? You was in Bodied, I'm the one that's embodying this shit. Every time you call I be on queue P (QP). So I'm the only battler givin' shots at this event nigga. Be honest! And admit, you had to get Organik to tell you to come and battle to perform and compete. Nigga went to Organik like, "Can I battle Kannon?" I know I got A. Ward in a week.". But what'd he tell you? "Sure. Cause I'm weak.". Well that's why I'ma lay him down on the floor when we speak. Cause you a Trader Joe, so everything won't be kosher the next time me and Organik meet (organic meat). Boy you sweet! And you wanna stand up here like a G?. Boy cut the yellin' off, you're underdeveloped fella, vanilla soft. Think you can't get the piece (peace) behind bars? That's what Mandela thought. I'll blind you, by puttin' one in ya roof, I'll Helen Keller marks. Wait, blind Jew, one in the roof, Helen Keller, marks or dudes. To the forehead look like Goku tryin' to teleport. Boy ya life, should've been cut hella short. But I love the way you switch up rhythm, I'll switch up with him like K-Shine'll get zipped up with him. I got a big pump and if it dump it put six up in him. But if my bitch come she got her shit tucked, we had a nip/tuck visit. But see this just isn't, the type of match that you want. Just like my performance with DNA, like you say. It was sloppy...the toothless wonder did it again. Aye I gotta say I was pissed, and with the way that he got me. But anybody watch Andre 3000 in Idlewild?. Well that was my inspiration for makin' this homi. Cause I'ma put this bitch in a casket and do the make up for that body. I mean you got me, boy you got me, I get it. But if you really wit' it. You said about that rebuttal shit. Now we finna go ahead and rebuttal shit. You said that you get bucks from Nick Cannon. Muhfucka that's cool. Cause that Cannon put you on TV, nigga this Kannon (cannon) will put yo' ass on the news. The niggas think I wasn't gonna rebuttal shit?. Is you stupid?. Muhfucka be on Wild N Out and that bitch stands near to Nick Cannon like, "What the fuck is he doin'?!". But listen, how the fuck you even bring that up?. You think you got the same clout with Hitman, Clips and Conceited?. You've been on there for five seasons. And we've only seen you a fifth of the season. But, you know what?. . {Big Kannon's phone starts ringing}. . Oh my God. Wow, motherfuckas just called me while I was battlin' at the same time. Guess they was askin' for a soul, nigga that was Jesus on the main line. . [Round 3: Charron]. You have the replay value of a used pamper. You'd think after 10 years you'd be a huge factor. On the flyer you're in the right side with the new rappers. You'll never make it to the left, you're Derek Zoolander. Behind Enemy Lines I'm throwin' all the jabs. We all (Hall) Pass on his battles, homie was a fad. Wait I said, Hall Pass, Behind Enemy Lines, Zoolander; enjoy this moment that we had. A 30 is what I've been owing (Owen) Wilson, he knows (nose) it's looked bad. Ya dad's a preacher, you apologizin' after. You must be used to this since we're fathered by a pastor. It's communion time you're getting bodied by a cracker. You can't phase me none of ya verses are crazy. Funny your dad's a pastor, and you got murdered by JC. Did a deal with Nike deal but still battle for stripes. 'Legend Of Zelda' you seein' Kannon (cannon) get iced. I shoot the man to left, shoot the man to my right. Both hands out, lookin' like The Passion Of Christ. They're like, "What's with the religion bars. I'm so amazed.". Well you called me out, you preach, our freestyles both get praised. We're both white...you're gettin' beat by my A. Ward throwaways. Now before we get into any lyrical domination. You want a conversation with a congregation. My house is a 1,000 Corpses I'm Dr. Satan. Better pray for this. Turned A.Ward to an atheist. It's not debated. Matrix glitch, one body to the next, I'm Agent Smith. You're the wrong Replacement. You and A. Ward freestyle and preach, look what God created. This Canadian's really Raw; Chris Benoit , my victims are all related. So hang it up. Someone dying in this battle, but it ain't Charron. You know the feeling when their blood in your hand but it ain't you're on (Charron). Break his bones drive by shoulda stayed at home. Think Falcons stadium, popped out that Mercedes Benz to replace your dome. I'm mobbing Big Kannon. Make an MTV's joke I'll be robbin' Big Kannon. You know I'm skinny, you're fat, we look like Rob & Big, Kannon. This your last year, this guy is bland. You said if you lost this you'd retire fam'. You ain't seeing 20/20 this your eye exam. Try to land get flipped by this .9 in hand. It'll make him 360, like his diet plan. Aye you thought I wasn't gonna rebuttal, right, 'til the mid round. Well that shit's weak as fuck. You brought up Jussie Smollett. Well holla at me if you need a bump. My coke's so white Jussie Smollett claimed it beat him up. I'm going beast mode you don't have a chance today. This ain't super bowl 49 don't be surprised when Wilson pass away. This ya mans?. Well you also brought up Andre 3000, that's a fact today. This ya mans? His funeral planned today. Since you Big Boi you gonna drop 'Roses', the Atlanta away. I'm in the cut, aftershave. Bring up Shine; SMACK today. When I land leave a hand print on Wilson; Cast Away!. ARP pushed you Heavy, have to pay your dues. You're like the mascot (Math/Scott) he thought could help the game improve. What'd I say? Heavy Half, and even Math/Scotty, they're in the same place as dude. You've done this for a decade, I have Bad Newz, this ain't (Saint) for you. You fuckin' blew it,  need a plan B next. You're walking a tight rope, better land each step. I killed Nick on Wild N Out and this SMACK reject. I caught more bodies from cannons (Cannon/Kannon) than a trapeze net. But wait, oh wait, people are doin' that and they thinkin' that it's a home route. Aye it's funny that he called Jesus and he really got the phone out. Wait, you thought He called you?. Man, they must've blocked ya thunder. That was really Charron, cause I'm the one that's got ya number. I bodied Jimz and proved you were garbage and filler. I already ran through SMACK, yo ARP I'm the RBE killer. And people wanna do this, right now I wanna smoke this clown. Cause I just beat you 2-1 and you 'bout to get killed in that bonus round. Let's get it. . [Round 4: Big Kannon & Charron]. . [Big Kannon]. Aye the motherfucker beat me. But even though, they say that he might beat me he won't see me. Nigga get this D.E. and I guarantee the next place you see him will be next to E.T. I do him, how I gotta do it. Nigga I'm a monster and people know that. Show you flashes of greatness without Kodak. Bladaow, right there through the filler shirt you can hold that. Niggas know, just because he said somethin' about church I'ma be on his ass. But that's but no (Benoit) slack. I do it. . [Charron]. Aye, he's sayin' that shit was no slack. You're wack, you're gettin' smoked cat. No said, "no slap", I'ma beat [?] water bottle; no cap. Aye, cause people wanna do that, and they claim he the best. I'ma leave him all read, with a bayonet press. And just like his shirt you can see BK on his chest. . [Big Kannon]. You can see BK on his chest?. Motherfucker he said somethin' about "no cap". Well that's cool, cause nigga the no cap was you with the water bottle. Now, headshot it's one for that too. . [Guy from the crowd]. Get that nigga Kannon!. . [Big Kannon]. Get that nigga Kannon, muhfucka is givin' up. The best shot? Nigga now, he gon' get that same casket that Charlie Clips and what Rex got. Go ahead nigga. . [Charron]. Aye, you know that you ain't really bein' this nerd. It's funny you brought up Charlie Clips cause you got beat in the third. People said in this one, I should come with an extra round. It's only right we did a bonus, cause you extra round. . [Big Kannon]. They said something about the fact that it was a bonus. That was a bonus and the muhfucka actually said that I'm extra round. Well guess-antee you gon' get shot with this extra round. And it's just gon' be like a muhfucka that's disappointed, cause they gon' have to let you down. . [Charron]. There's no way they gonna let you down. This meant to get broken; wedding vows. People comin' against me, with that water, that shit gon' never drown. Muhfucka you such a bitch you should go in a wedding gown. . [Big Kannon]. Okay, nigga said somethin' about I should go in a wedding gown and had the details. Well nigga,just like that shit I make sure I won't let that bitch see me, pre-vail (prevail). Nigga said-. Oh y'all just went crazy-. . [Girl from the crowd]. Kill it!. . [Big Kannon]. Aye, I appreciate that and you a cute female. And you a cute female. Well I guarantee her, you won't see me fail. You wanna know why?. Because just like Friday this is finna be one of them Ezal's. . [Charron]. Nah, and I ain't gonna prevail. It's funny you hollered at her like, "Aye, you a cute female". Then she looked at you, psst, disappeared quicker than Hillary's e-mails. . [Big Kannon]. Aye that nigga is nutty, he is nutty. But y'all let's discuss some shit, let's discuss some shit. If a nigga mention I'm Hillary, you think he gon' beat me on the polls? One line can trump that shit. Aye freestyle shit, I do that, niggas knew I had the steel wrap. And nigga my body was over came with Novacane when he spit, I couldn't feel that. These niggas-. But I'ma make sure that this goofy nigga feel wack. Ain't no way that you could beat me, but nigga just like you givin' some prescription back to the over counter drug. I'ma make sure that your head get peeled (pilled) back. Go 'head. . [Charron]. Get peeled back, I don't care how this man freein'. You talkin' 'bout prescription drugs but you gettin' slept the way I am bein' (Ambien). . [Big Kannon]. That was fuckin' fire. That was fuckin' fire. . [Charron]. Aye man, you gettin' fuck up beyond all recognition, that's FUBAR. Took you eight bars to get the crowd goin', I did that in two bars. . [Big Kannon]. Oh! Aye, you did that in two bars?. Well I'ma show you how much of a bitch that you are. And guaranteed that what I do, I can kill you in two bars. Like the shit that you said about Laura Tarsi, that was your girlfriend and she still hoein'. Well I a wanna make sure that is uploaded for your ex to see (Ecstasy), cause I guarantee you ain't gon' be rollin'. Nigga know-. . [Charron]. Aye man, I don't care if you upload for my ex to see. This shit, official with stripes, it's like a referee. Be lucky that you even next to me. I'm killin' ya manhood; vasectomy. I'm into bread, that shit's a recipe. Your girl open up, I call it "sesame". . [Big Kannon]. Aye, you said somethin' about the vasectomy. Well nigga you should already know. You was scared to rap with the freestyle; vasectomy. Cause that was too (two) nuts to go. Hey nigga's know!. . [Charron]. Hey man, we wanted to keep goin' they wanted to hear what he could say. I know this MC is gay. It's funny you keep talkin' 'bout vasectomies but couldn't do shit with DNA. . [Big Kannon]. Wait! Aye, he said I couldn't do shit with DNA, well you lost to him too. Nigga, aye, aye I'm amazed that you're here. Cause it's funny that you mentioned DNA cause I'm 'bout to lower your white sales (cells) cause he was also somebody that AID with your career. Why do niggas-. . [Girl in the crowd]. Wake up. . [Big Kannon]. You don't need to wake up, that's cool. Freestylin' off the top of the dome. And nigga, what you said about the blood on your hands, like it was not from Charron?. Nigga, I refused to get punched by a white man, I won't get a knot from Charron. . [Charron]. Aye man, knot from Charron. What I'm spittin' straight up is greasy. Funny you brought up AIDS cause it's going to take Magic to beat me. And this is what I'm doin' and you can't just hit me. Say I wanna talk about Magic when I got Atlanta with me. You got a gun? I don't care if there's gat that whip me. If I wanted to see a pussy poppin', I'd go to Magic City. . [Big Kannon]. Aye, wanna see, a fuckin' pussy poppin' like Magic City. I mean it's funny as hell that you even standin' here rappin' wit' me. You wanted to bring up the AIDS shit, well nigga ain't a way that you gon' get ahead tonight. Because we both lost to DNA, so that means that he was AIDS to career for the shit that Eric write (Wright). . [Charron]. With all that stuttering, I'm 'bout to cop another charge. St. Patty's Day's tomorrow and you already sloppy wit' ya bars. And you already talkin' 'bout that Magic City, I don't care how you rappin' wit' me. I just came back from the UK and brought a Savage wit' me. . {ARP calls time then says there's one more minute}. . [Big Kannon]. Aye, the fact that he just mentioned that fuckin' St. Patrick line. And this the nigga I gotta rap wit' today?. Cause niggas is mad, because I just beat Pat trick today. Niggas know, Patrick- this is Pat trick. Dawg, y'all niggas ain't rappin' this way!. Nigga, this is just like a relief pitcher, I come in, niggas is askin' for K's. Whatchu thought? You was just gonna get past witcha bitch ass?. Test me, I let me shit blast. Only time you even get a turn if I let you and that's if we at Six Flags. But niggas like this-. . [Guy from the crowd]. He's on fire!. . [Big Kannon]. Aye man, guarantee me I can't believe I heard that line from a fan. Cause this nigga's gonna be a different type of jelly cause you brought up that shit but NBA Jam. . [Charron]. Aye man, they sayin' this the last one, well they should get me with another prop. Cause you comin' against me, this is freestyles just like his summer job. I'm the one that's doin' this in the scene I'm the Juggernaut. NBA Jam, pump the Glock. And we from downtown; ugly shotEmbed