With grams of brand new strand because I got to go ham I be caking. I pregamed in my whip on the way here. Just flew to cloud ten off two drinks. Yeah I came here to binge fuck what you think. You better mind your biz don't do me. Just came to relax or pretend to. I got a dame on my lap what she into?. If you DTF I’ll relieve your stress when I put a little captain in you ha. Drink until everything’s numb. Can’t feel my face or my tongue. I’m on a roll. They like are you OK or done. I’m good in fact I’ve just begun. I’m in my zone. You know I been takin shots, put me in my zone. I throw them back until I drop, put me in my zone. Pour me a glass of Cîroc, put me in my zone. This is a major event my posse came in here lit (I'm zoning I'm zoning). All of my homies got work I got my whole city turnt (I'm in my zone). I keep on slamming these drinks don't give a damn what you think (I'm zoning I'm zoning). Wake up hung over at 2 like “hey what the hell did we do” (I zoned out). . Too prideful to stop like a kid I need gin for my guys on the rocks. I’m supplying the block with heat. You boys can’t compete I been buying a lot. Wait, why does the room keep on spinning?. I think that I been abusing my limits. Well I guess that’s what you do when you living. No I do not care if I’m viewed as a menace. I’m a pro little bro you a novice. I’m a dance with your girl while you vomit. I only ball like this because I got it. Two things on my mind turn up make profit. Say you bossed up but that’s not a fact. Good girls in the front all the thots in back. Blowing big clouds when I pop the cap. I’m going 12 rounds like a boxing match. All you haters phony don’t love me now. Party favors only no party fouls. Bitches turn me on that would turn me down. If I had no loud and I couldn’t rock the crowd. Drink until everything fades. Block out the world with my shades. It’s getting blurry. They like is you OK my dude?. Yeah homie just give me some room. You might also likeI’m in my zone. You know I been takin shots, put me in my zone. I throw them back until I drop, put me in my zone. Pour me a glass of Cîroc, put me in my zone. This is a major event, my posse came in here lit (I'm zoning I'm zoning). All of my homies got work I got my whole city turnt (I'm in my zone). I keep on slamming these drinks don't give a damn what you think (I'm zoning I'm zoning). Wake up hung over at 2 like “hey what the hell did we do” (I zoned out). . I’m mixing beer wine and liquor got bud light and miller and rum as a kicker (run it!). I swear it gets me there quicker the bartender’s fine I might tip her (tip her tip her). I’m inebriated I can’t even fake it. Can’t you see we faded I don’t need to say it. Drinking until my cup is overflowing everybody fucking know it. I be showing out like I cannot control it. I get what I want because I chase it. Everybody bluff they complacent. All you dudes basic. Working on my craft finding greatness. Or in the club white girl wasted. You ain’t ever partied with my team before. We get drunk hit blunts drink some more. We sip this sip that chug some brews. We drink wine feel fine what we came to do. All I want to do is chill and unwind. Don’t be tripping acting like it’s a crime. Why don’t you live your life I’m living mine. Everybody got to turn up sometime. Drink like there’s no consequence. Drink like there’s no common sense. Drink like a fish. They like how you feeling my bro. I’m good can you get me one more?. I’m in my zone. You know I been takin shots, put me in my zone. I throw them back until I drop, put me in my zone. Pour me a glass of Cîroc, put me in my zone. This is a major event my posse came in here lit (I'm zoning I'm zoning). All of my homies got work I got my whole city turnt (I'm in my zone). I keep on slamming these drinks don't give a damn what you think (I'm zoning I'm zoning). Wake up hung over at 2 like “hey what the hell did we do” (I zoned out)Embed