I’m so vicious on the rhyme though. Don’t you dare step to me. I got the recipe. You cannot mess with me. I know. You feeling this ain’t ya. You cannot harbor your feelings. I’ll never be quitting. I’ll only be winning. Been praying to God, man, I been sinning and sinning and sinning. I eat competition. 24/7 I do want all of the smoke. No I don’t toke. Yes I do smoke. Not greens just nicotine. It’s holding me down that’s addiction though. Oh no. I'ma get it now. I'ma let it out. I'ma spit like a god. Once I get going man I ain’t gonna stop. I am a villain, call on the cops. [Verse 2: Stract]. Soon as the track is beginning I'm hitting the scene. Viciously killing the beat, witness me rip it in three minutes (three minutes). Retreat quick cause I'm never defeated and it's never a weak finish. My villains, I'll diminish them. Finish them and I'm spilling the beans vividly. Critics will be sent to the clinic, cause the. Adrenaline's picking up quick, and with the. Lyrical shit, standing the. Critical hits can be the end it'll be. Wrapped up in seconds. No competitors, everyone else replicas. I'm on the next level, I'm slamming them like a wrestler facts. Nobody better than Stract, the living legend, I'm back. I load the clip and attack by spitting reckless on tracks. I'm quick witted and visibly quick with it (quick with it). Every lyric that's spitted is exquisite (exquisite). I need to give it a minute before I'm winning. Cause livings are never given to citizens unwilling to give it. . [Verse 3: SALEM]. Unwilling to give it. You give what you get. I'ma get rich. Or i'ma die trying. I’m frying these rappers. No I’m not lying. No hiding these rappers. I’m not a trapper, I’m a disaster. Salem and Stract kickin' facts on a track has become such a factor. We are a hazard. We Going to back to back. We don’t lack no lack. Your rhymes wack no cap. You know we back on that real. I don’t hold back, man, i’m on the attack. Talking that shit and you’re gonna get smacked. I don’t waste time shit I’m so done with that. I’ll lead the team just call me your cap. If you don’t got no skill don’t you ask for collabs. Or I’ll hop on your shit and make sure you collapse. It isn’t my fault that your music is trash (trash). You might also like[Verse 4: Stract]. Think of what you want and imagine a million more people. Want the same thing and then all of them aiming to be. Hot and then claimed king, and that thoughts an insane thing. So you're constantly breaking down and caught up in waiting to be Called an amazing rapper, heart in the game, bringing it. All that you got, but then you flop and then start quitting. Don't give in just rip it apart, give it unlimited heart. Spilling your feelings and sparks will light up all of your dark visions. You're mission's to start killing it, live like you're starving 'til you. Sit in the top position and hit them like car collisions. The minute they start to listen by filling their minds with lines. Sharper than sharp scissors. It's simple, there's no contest, enemies be abolished. I'm spawning more heat recording from in a closet. Life can never pause, there's no withdrawals, just deposits. Gotta watch your pockets and the clock cause it'll cost you some. Time. . [Verse 5: SALEM]. Time. Time to get busy. If you mean business then come along with me. We running the city. This shit is so litty. I’m showing no pity. You claim that you big, but I see that your mini. Im always on fleek while you look like a hippie. Rap is my drug man I’m feelin' so trippy. I’m dizzy, you with me? I rhyme like a puzzle they tell me I’m tricky. I told them it’s easy they calling me silly. No I’m not silly. I’m just keeping it real. Guess we gon' do this here without a deal. The game's up for grabs but I’m here just to steal. Hear all my lyrics I’m harder than steel. The man made of steel. I’m in no need of a shield. That is for reals. These are my skills. All I needs a beat for me just to kill. [Verse 6: Stract]. Tell me who you believe in. Cause you don't ever know who'll eventually be succeeding. Put together the pieces, from this dream I'm never leaving. My thesis is to get heated and flow cold in any season. The reason I can't be beaten is my beats just be the cleanest. Not to be conceited, but my will cannot be weakened and it. Only increases until I'll be six feet deep in. I change minds one at a time with my rhymes like telekinesis. Take it or leave it, I'm sick with it like diseases and this. Is my release, so part two is just what I needed, piece of. What Salem and me give, stuck in your head, adhesive. We'll make all of you our sons, our daughters, nephews, and our nieces. Since fetuses we've been grinding, deals are not what we're signing but we'll. Do more of seeking before we do more of finding as we. Continue shining, shining bright like a diamond. Our time is one thing we need, in the meantime, we'll be refining. Or die tryingEmbed