We must defend the rights of every citizen to live without violence, prejudice, or fear (Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Shut up). How you doin'? Hey Donny!. (We can't have a situation, like, what happened in Minneapolis to descend further into lawless anarchy and chaos). We support the overwhelming majority of police officers (He's a bad, bad guy). Who are incredible in every way (Ah!). And devoted public servants (I can't breathe, I can't breathе!). Listen here, Trunk. And I'm in thе White House and I was lonely (Fire the president, please). I said, "Let's go to Iraq!" (Sheesh). When the looting starts, the shooting starts. [Verse 1: Styles P]. Feelin' appalled while I'm watching CNN. The president's a racist, when will it see an end?. It's difficult to take hate, think about it. Only a racist would race-bait (Only a racist). If you a Black man or you an immigrant. That speaks Spanish, you ain't in a safe place (You ain't in a safe place). You gotta worry about your life again (Worry). They tryna make America white again. Grab 'em by the pussy and he don't like Blacks (Trump). He don't like Mexicans, he don't like Arabs. But you don't wanna hear it if you don't like facts (Ask Trump again). And less the alternative. Fire 45 and Mike Pence. 'Cause it don't make sense (Get 'em outta here). We need a better alternative (We need a better alternative). Yeah, (Remove) the president. If I'm from a shit-hole, his speech is venomous. . [Verse 2: Talib Kweli]. This ain't no Change.org, this what we bang out for. We some grown-ass men, niggas ain't Proud Boys (I told y'all). We the Black radical, Black magical matadors. Beta sweaty alphas stay protected by the status quo. These coons try to degrade us. White supremacists, they shootin' at they neighbors. Going to marches, yellin' "Jews will not replace us". Face it (Face it), 45 set the precedent. What we need to do? We need to arrest the president. I'm Tragedy Khadafi but actually seein' Nazis. Rockin' Dead Prez while informin' the people army. They callin' me articulate for actually speakin' properly. 'Bout to get it poppin' ASAP, just like Rocky. Attackin' the bureaucracy is mandatory for a democracy. Removin' the boot that stay on top of me. The Oval Office is a mockery. Kickin' Melania out the country, that's my immigration policy. You might also like[Verse 3]. Within the head of the governing body we found a cyst. A narcissist who's a racist. The flow of a modern government's in a stasis. The cynic illusion. Those who migrate now are called an intrusion. To this new agenda, so we stand. As defenders and protestors callin' y'all fascist. And our attitude is quite flammable. So don't come 'round here wavin' no matches. Wait, let me turn off the hate. Though it's hard to spread harmony when his policies are for harm. People of color is not a blemish on the face of white America. But his story breeds hysteria. Which means wisdom being pulled out of the root of the White House. Sort of like a tooth. But do understand, we have cysts as well. Lyricists here to question your alternative truth. . [Verse 4: Pharoahe Monch]. A billionaire, reptilian in human skin, imposter. Allahu Akbar, this is for la raza. He's sick mentally, not credible, inherently. So stupid, he thought Bitcoin was edible currency. Clown-ass president. More of a clown's ass than Ronald McDonald's rump, look. Every person that voted for Donald is not a racist. But every racist who voted probably voted for Donald Trump. A-F-R-I-C-A. Angola, Soweto, Zimbabwe. Tanzania, Zambia, Mozambique. Botswana, let me speak, uh, hold up. I been waitin' to say this, fuck you, you suck. It's glue under the toupée, your father was Ku Klux. Kevlar body armor, we ready to suit up. And televise it, 'cause I don't give two fucks. [Refrain: Chuck D]. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. . [Verse 5: Mysonne]. You gotta remove the president, it's evident he's negligent. He lacks intelligence needed to be the president. So as a resident and U.S. citizen (What?). I say we vote, and I vote to get rid of him (That's right). There's never been a time I can remember when. We had anyone in office this ignorant. Now we got evidence that he committed treason. We all want him gone, now we got a reason. How we gon' believe in a county when the leader (What?). Is a racist bigot, and a cheater. The land of the free and the home of the brave. And if Trump has his way, then we all gon' be slaves. And the fact that he's praised by some lets us know. That America still has so far to go. . [Verse 6:  Chuck D]. Let's hear that (Fuck Trump). So we got this petition track (Nigga, pack your shit). Y'all know don't notice this Trump POTUS. Got the whole damn world thrown off it's focus. Flat Earth or not, I don't know if y'all noticed. Ain't got nothin' to do with how many of y'all voted. 'Cause these criminals broke it. This ass-head was a weapon. Yeah, of mass distraction. A ass whippin' is a real call to action. Pay attention to how much money y'all was spendin'. Nineties rap treated Trump like a Cash App. Last four years was a smack black. Now we know, sixty-five percent of the United States is wack. If y'all let this dude come back (Remove). . [Verse 7: Posdnuos]. We are the unknown cogs in the machine of the American dream. But treated like nightmares. And on the podium standin' right there. The voice who don't speak for us. Who won't seek the trust. We did, let him tell it, he wasn't elected, but anointed. Trying to set a record when it comes to appointed. Judges under his watch with no face that look like mine. And through my kids lifetime. There'll be laws etched in stone like grooves. People, let's get together to (Remove 4-5). . [Outro: Chuck D]. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4--5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-5. One, two, three, remove 4-51Embed