Big moment I guess, I took this thing a long way. I’m still rap rapping, he's still doin this sing along game. They said you need a plate. I told em, "You can bring an entree". They said, "Can you get three in front of K?". I said I’m bringing Andre. What the fuck we doin?. Cause when I'm through with him. He masking all his screams with a long face. All day. For those at home who keep score, it's home row on a keyboard. When I start this out with the middle finger on K. I'm gonna kill this mothafucker. Bitch, I'll put you on the floor in a stall for an hour: you a filibuster. I don't feel the buster. I'm sayin, right now?. We can lay this mic (Mike) down like the Thriller cover. Fuck you!. You a punk too. Lets see the kick, the punch, oooh!. The lifetime temper tantrums. We don't trust you!. Who planned this move?. Bitch, miss me with the attitude. You sittin on an L and It's a capital; Baton Rouge. Get a mixture of bat and rouge. It only take one hit. But this bitch? Ooh. He can still get the bitty bitty bop like 'Cantaloop'. Hey, what the fuck you think I plan to do?. I’ll slap this dude. I’m saying that the day they booked you is the day they banished you. I'm spinnin' these gems until they run it all back: Crash Bandicoot. My maaaan. This shit is sad, we been cool. But this match coulda been Mook. It doesn't matter. Catch at Ludacris hook, you all packagin bitch moves. I ain’t having the shit, dude. You gonna catch one in the kisser, sleepin' on me in the ring: boy, it's Ravishing Rick Rude!. This shit smooth!. Oooh. Your body language so sad, I won't ask what it's been through. Just stay angry, lil' fuck boy. This weekend is for business. You can miss me with the speakin' with conviction. {To Organik} You lied to me on all fronts. "We out here Flex, meeting the conditions. Here's a big name!". "Bigg" name. Sneaky little bitches. As far as battle rap goes I'm the actual blueprint. My resume got so much English on it, you can grab me a pool stick. I’ve fucked up bigger dudes than you. Little homie the hands can get ruthless. I'll make your stand up look foolish. If I scrap with you it's this match with you. 'Cause I'm thankful I don't see a threat of lateral movement. Aye, Cinderella sister: don't get mad cause the shoes fits. You wanna be like me, but you can’t 'cause you’re stupid. Let’s off the games. But if a problem came. I still got the hammer at the end of the day like the Stock Exchange. All that lip next to a Gorilla, you Bob the Brain. Not today. One step, I slump Ken. It getting high he closer to a dream you Goapale. Somebody tell this Redneck I'm off the chain. Before i treat this league like Red neck, and pull off the chain. Let him fuckin' rap man. [Round 1: Bigg K]. I’m a battle rap legend!. That’s something you never gon’ say. I’ll put your face on a sweater without a thread or crochet. Me and Nitty was a classic. The fans got a blessing both ways. Y’all ready for Town Bidness 2? (Let’s go! Yeah!). Weird Flex, but OK. It’s no way they see somethin’ in him. I punish him and who runnin’ wit’ him. Bloody him wit’ the right, then Mad’ get the left on red (read) like his woman trippin’. Shut up or get clapped, through the upper deck of your subdivision. Know that that’s Big cap (Kap) - I got Funk wit’ Flex in my Tunnel vision. Y’all fuckin’ wit’ him ‘cause you underbid him - typical. I took you under one condition: critical!. They said you got the sauce, that shit sweet: Papa John’s. It’s somethin’ funny about Flex: Hans and Franz. Your style scream truck races and the Octagon. I done made it to front pages from the blocks I’m on. You was sittin’ in plush places: stocks and bonds. I bailed out on gun cases: stocks and bonds!. WHAT!? WHAT!?. I bomb shit at your doorstep!. Long stick in the Corvette. The drum shaped like a moon, man (Moonman): how I ain’t get an award yet!?. Fuck you and them multi-syllable nerd threats!. I said you was trash bags, I don’t feel you a force, Flex (Force-Flex). We war vets, survive bids and been through the worst. The hardest shit this guy did? Skippin’ from work. You ain’t tough, you a girl, but when you kickin’ your verse. It’s always “Fuck the world” - until your dick in the dirt!. Get murked, or roll wit’ us. Break him apart, we them fo’-fif’ers, pole-lifters. Pay if he cross like toll bridges. I hit cribs, flip lids. If his nose twitches. This Sig’ll split wigs like broke bitches!. Who next to get stuck!? This a cold business!. Madflex’ll get cut: I don’t coach fitness. I shoot somethin’, splatter the scene, left no witness. Two guns, balance the beams like a dope gymnast. I’m prolific!. They see my rise from dirt. Old-timers to newcomers, you couldn’t find one worse. They said, “Help us build a new star. You know our lineup hurt.”. Before you build a new star, you gotta find one first. You might also likeThis ain’t it - that boy suck. . [Round 2: Madflex]. I told the fans that I would read 'em  if they sent me all his blocked tweets. Needless to say, it's been a long week. Here we go. Bigg K: unathletic, cookie cutter, knock-kneed. I'm not reading these tweets, that's just how I feel about him when I'm starin' at my lock screen. Cut the bullshit, Bigg K, this is barely a discussion. You only wanted 2-minute rounds because you scared of the judgement. You ain’t built for a big stage. Why you think they put us in the pit?. I guess they thought you needed a leg up out here carryin' crutches. All that tough talk. "Aye he seen white girl move quicker than a charity luncheon ". Why don’t you fuck off?. Do not compare me to cousin. George McFly how my setup took more care than the punch did. Radio call sign how K was there, but he fronted. So when I say, "We need the change.". Well, Bigg K, that shit would look right on the money like Harriet Tubman. Stand there like a hoe. You told Rum it's "Fuck EFB, battle rap sets are the worst". He wouldn't join EFB, that'd shit would just never occur. Because he never would. Word?. But then, plain as the shoes on a registered nurse.... That man up and went full-blown Revenge Of The Nerds. He type in "Rum Geech, me. The best collective on Earth.". Hashtag, three letters - can you guess what they were?. In this very room I swore you told Rum that shit cheesy. You can join the group too it ain't a tough initiation. You just gotta lose a battle to Rum...and then Geechi. That shit like gettin jumped, man it’s easy. Aye, I could be the final boss, though. I ain’t struggled through trailer trash once, well, since Beasley. You seen Beasley trailers, "Two warriors-". No, I ain’t gonna move for ya. 90's  R&B, got a Jagged Edge in Mint Condition. Some quick incisions will put more holes in Bigg K than the prison system. How'd you lose all that weight?. Bigg K...my cup runneth over. But you still lean on that bird ass chest like Pimpin' Pigeon. I'm the GOAT. Just keep starin' up there like I stole your Kool Aid, I'm about to. I'll pull up at the pad and put this square on the wall 'til he sound proof. And beat the bitch out you in house shoes. Swing, I bet he bounce over the fence on the double, those are ground rules. Look at me K!. Sit, stay. I am the dog owner. There's no pressure, I'm leavin' you flat: you a hot soda. You just punched a ticket for a 30 without a cop quota. Arm bars. Get carried away, I bet it pop shoulders. Until you get carried away on your pop's shoulders. This is not over. Say a verse with yo' chest...and I'll Jon Jones ya. Knock knock, then knock ya mama clean out her hot rollers. Bigg K, you wouldn't catch a wave in the streets in a gondola. And you wouldn't have a fade on sight with glaucoma. Bitch anyone; anywhere; I run the gauntlet. Even if the texts (TECs) get to K, he'll be unresponsive. This is not the first time I knocked someone off my hitlist. When he wasn't on it. Flex. [Round 2: Bigg K]. I said, yo. If y’all see my name on the card...that means they paid the piper. If y’all see his name on the card...means he made the flyer. We ain’t the same. I see the flame, I’mma face the fire. You lookin’ for a place to hide - I need a place to hide ya. You straight vagina. Your style couldn’t have got any cornier. What you do is nothin’ new, you just copy a formula. They’ll find your body wrapped in rope when they got to the coroner. Flex arms tied up like the Ultimate Warrior. WHAT!? WHAT!?. I said, yo!. That .40 stay on deck, it light up wit’ a laser. I’ll still break y’all neck for tryna be a gangster. I wasn’t trippin’ when they say dog next, and hypin’ him as major. ‘Cause I can see the gay on Flex like Tyler, The Creator!. WHAT!?. Razor, scrapin’ your flesh ‘til your skin exposed. I peel off layers of Flex like winter clothes. Magazine, droppin’ out the stand ‘til your center fold (centerfold). Six rounds, poppin’ out the can’ like dinner rolls!. . He can’t do that, bro. He can’t do that shit, man. . [Madflex]. Anyone. Anyone can do that. . [Bigg K]. Ya chin explode, no neck bone. Flip your eardrums backwards: it’s a ‘No Flex Zone!’. WHAT!? WHAT!?. . [Madflex]. It’s already been said. . [Bigg K]. -no neck bone. I’ll flip your eardrums backwards: it’s a ‘No Flex Zone!’. If I ask what city you rep’, you’ll take a co-ed tone. ‘Cause you from an invisible set like a Rolex stone. Bro, head home. Take these weirdos that came, too. You never was a rapper, it’s clear, that ain’t you. You just a fuckin’ try-hard - period! Stay true!. And you take this more serious than it take you!. Dickhead…. . [Round 3: Madflex]. You know that talk about how gangbanging is actually a government side business?. So you got no problem watchin' kids grow up and die in it. Nah, that doesn't work for you. When you a guest in the culture, you don’t work the room. What about Jim Crow? Segregation?. What's that do to urban youth??. But Bigg K here got the right to persecute. It's not about race?. Yes, it is about race. It was illegal to be Black and successful, you can't purchase food. Generational depression through servitude fuck with a person's mood. But your problems ain’t a skin color you birthed into. So whynchoo tell me, Mr. Two-Time Felon: what is your excuse?. Come on, K. What’s wrong, K? Is it hard to have the talk?. This a calm little response. You know, since you the moral compass of the barrios and blocks. Shit, he was about that life, I guess he already forgot. It's gonna happen when you ain't sorry you did it...but you sorry you got caught. It's 2 minutes!. You want me to be Johnny on the Spot!?. Flavor Flav: let's put this body on a clock. I had big respect for you. But that's some shit you lost that day. And we all thought it was lame when you said. "G Eazy a Bay legend" and NOT Mac Dre!. Go, stupid!. Go stooopid!. This ain’t a place you can act like you know well. You In 2 Deep, I take 80 West. I'm back home, you back to the hotel!. You don't get it?. I'm in the cuts like a diamond store heist. I’m just minding (mining) my time. Even if K wild (WiLD), I'll put this JV in his Doghouse - WHAAAT!? 94.9!. Yeeeeah! You love it!. All this anger is just the tell of a weakness. Plus it's a hell of a sneak diss. But it just take one turn to expose you: I'm the skeleton key twist. Peep this. Aye, beatnik, you way too big to be this little delicate fetus. And that salty look tells me you'd get jealous of Jesus. Keep messin' with me, bitch. Rest in peace fit when Bigg K with Big L on some M-N-O-P shit. They came to me for business 'cause I moved 'em from a distance: it was telekinesis. And tell JayBlac he better believe it. They forced you to stand up with a class act like the 'Pledge of Allegiance'. Oh my God. We 'bout to fast forward on a backboard!. Aye, you don’t know about fat Thor?. 'Cause the hammer bars come to him whenever he reaches. Hurricane Katrina how I run though Big(g), Easy. Now the levee is breaching. We can take it to the bank, see or take it to Banksy. Cause the payment went through— BOOM, he’s shredded to pieces. And this is not the lesson that you wanted - it's the lesson you needed. Bitch, you a straight poser. Flamethrower. Body count full of slain soldiers. High risk, low reward, no remose, game over. . [Round 3: Bigg K]. You can't come up here and rap like you bust 100 shots. Step off stage, and act like an undercover cop. Why don't you ask your baby mother if I'm a thug or not?. I pistol-whipped her ex-man (X-Men) and gave his jug a knot (Juggernaut). You fuckin' twat! Smelly and a sick one. Your name in this game will never be a big one. So all you get is name flips, 'cause you got hella we could flip from. I bet you got angles - I got a 10-year legacy to pick from. This bum, been waitin' on his chance to die. If you a fan of his work, I need an answer - why?. You not in my top 25, I'm not a fan of lies. But if Brian is ya dawg (dog), guess you a Family Guy. You amplify weakness, you'll never get the star treatment. Every city the dawg be in, it was litty, all weekend. What? The dawg tweakin'. I brought poles (polls) to Town Bidness like a city hall meetin'. I'm so Norfolk, I could never let you play wit' it. I'm so Norfolk that I put the Bigg K in it. Shark City with the people. Where if there's somethin' in the water, it's a heroin needle. And I just put an op' on the menu. 50 shots, pick a block, spin through. We ain't fakin' the jook, we ain't pretend to. My youngin' bangin' a hood he ain't never been to. I'm politicin' over stolen funds. Up in the land of empty promises and loaded guns. I ain't no fuckin' battle rapper where you know me from. Your OG my lil' homie and he owe me one. I take a shooter that's fresh out and make stains. I been said I'm the best out and say names. They still pokin' they chest out and fake chains. Even big dawgs (dogs) get stretched out: they Great Danes. You went half on dungarees when ya papes came. We went half on 20 P's on a freight train. 100 in the drum, and I ain't comin' to play games. Thuggin' since a youngin' - my first words? "Bang bang". You don't know success 'til the fans is hatin'. But we gon' make a mess, get the sanitation. I roll the windows down, he see the cannon raisin'. You was ten toes down, until the amputation. I'm pacin', do the back and the forth. I grab the hoodie and the blick, grab the strap from the porch. Ain't no pussy in the clique, we ain't askin' for shorts. What good is bein' lit if you ain't passin' the torch?. I see ya higher than a flame fly. If you don't feed the fire, then the flame die. We don't live forever, though we may try. I put something together that can't die. I waited on the plug 'til it got to me. Now I'm faded throwin' dubs where the thotties be. I done skated on a judge for a robbery. Then had to make it out the mud like pottery. Honestly, you rockin' wit' a vet'. You put up in a box [?] who hoppin' out a Lex?. You know when you not wit' it, but poppin' like you vexed. Don't fuck around and get shot in it for talkin' out ya neck...FlexEmbed