Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Hauntaholics. Real Haunted Mound. I got my cutter in the party. Screaming Forest. Haunted Mound. Yeah. Haaauuugghhh. . [Chorus: Sematary]. Walk up in my woods, I’m gon' skin ya whole. We creep and sneak and rock and roll around the redwoods. Yeah, we the Haunted Mound from where the trees frown. And boy, we got them shotgun, walk up wrong, we let 'em blow. See, my bat got some nails in it and she gon' crack your skull. And I don't even like livin', but I still go harder than you. Every day is Halloween, and every night's a ritual. Party in the forest, turn up in the redwoods. [Verse 1: Sematary]. Haunted Mound skinwalkers walk up, skin ya whole. I got my fucking cutter in the party, turnin' up. Creepin' out the dark forest, we do rituals. Lay your skin out to dry just like Harold. I’m blowin' scary ghosts when I smoke my cancer smoke. Body dropper drop ya down like Ash Williams. Shotgun my shadow, redwoods my only friends. Me tie dough-ty walker, we are real scarecrows. . [Chorus: Sematary]. Walk up in my woods, I’m gon' skin ya whole. We creep and sneak and rock and roll around the redwoods. Yeah, we the Haunted Mound from where the trees frown. And boy, we got them shotgun, walk up wrong, we let 'em blow. See, my bat got some nails in it and she gon' crack your skull. And I don't even like livin', but I still go harder than you. Every day is Halloween, and every night's a ritual. Party in the forest, turn up in the redwoods. . [Verse 2: Hackle]. Hackle down on 'em, got too many guns. Walkin' through the redwoods, bitch, I'm Anton. Talkin' too much, now your brain's gone. Your wife, she comin' over, sucking dick, on and on and on. Haunted Mound, ya body hit the pavement. We hear a lotta voices, I think we tweakin'. Redwood AK glistening. Pullin out the yoppa, cah cah, that's your face, man. You might also like[Chorus: Sematary]. Walk up in my woods. I’m gon' skin ya whole. We creep and sneak and rock and roll around the redwoods. Yeah, we the Haunted Mound. From where the trees frown. And boy, we got them shotgun, walk up wrong, we let 'em blow. See, my bat got some nails in it and she gon' crack your skull. And I don't even like livin', but I still go harder than you. Every day is Halloween, and every night's a ritual. Party in the forest, turn up in the redwoods. . [Outro: Hackle]. Haunted Mound. Walk up in our woodsEmbed