Even if I told you, still wouldn't understand what happened. Rather be myself, if people look at me, don't matter. A rockstar, nigga, just tryna keep it kosher. Try to keep my eyes on my own paper like my teachers told me. Soon as niggas think it's over (Poof). Number one on the charts, I'm there vicariously. Oh, there they go. Biasedly pushin' negative narratives, I'm ready, though. Cops wanna pull me over, embarrass me. Abusin' power, you never knew me, thought I was arrogant. As a juvenile, police pulled their guns like they scared of me. And we're used to how crackers treat us, now that's the scary thing. Want anything we good at and we cherish it. Now we all fed up and niggas comin' back for everything. Rockstars, nigga, just watch the news, they burnin' cop cars, nigga. Kill another nigga, break the law, then call us outlaws, nigga. What happened? Want us to keep it peaceful. Shoulda seen them hatin' bitches face when I bought that Lamborghini (SethInTheKitchen). Throw up my middle finger, police can't catch me, this a. [Chorus: DaBaby]. Brand new Lamborghini, fuck a cop car. With the pistol on my hip like I'm a cop (Yeah, yeah, yeah). Have you ever met a real nigga rockstar? (Yeah). This ain't no guitar, bitch, this a Glock (Woo). My Glock told me to promise you gon' squeeze me (Woo). You better let me go the day you need me (Woo). Soon as you up me on that nigga, get to bustin' (Woo). And if I ain't enough, go get the chop. . [Verse 2: DaBaby]. It's safe to say I earned it, ain't a nigga gave me nothin' (Yeah, yeah, yeah). I'm ready to hop out on a nigga, get to bustin'. Know you heard me say, "You play, you lay," don't make me push the button. Full of pain, dropped enough tears to fill up a fuckin' bucket. Goin' for buckets, I bought a chopper. I got a big drum, it hold a hundred, ain't goin' for nothin'. I'm ready to air it out on all these niggas, I can see 'em runnin'. Just talked to my mama, she hit me on FaceTime just to check up on me and my brother. I'm really the baby, she know that her youngest son was always guaranteed to get the money (Okay, let's go). She know that her baby boy was always guaranteed to get the loot. She know what I do, she know 'fore I run from a nigga, I'ma pull it out and shoot (Boom). PTSD, I'm always waking up in cold sweats like I got the flu. My daughter a G, she saw me kill a nigga in front of her before the age of two. And I'll kill another nigga too. 'Fore I let another nigga do somethin' to you. Long as you know that, don't let nobody tell you different. Daddy love you (Yeah, yeah). You might also like[Chorus: DaBaby & Roddy Ricch]. Let's go. Brand new Lamborghini, fuck a cop car. With the pistol on my hip like I'm a cop (Yeah, yeah, yeah). Have you ever met a real nigga rockstar? (Yeah). This ain't no guitar, bitch, this a Glock (Woo). My Glock told me to promise you gon' squeeze me (Woo). You better let me go the day you need me (Woo). Soon as you up me on that nigga, get to bustin' (Woo, yeah). And if I ain't enough, go get the chop (Yeah, yeah). . [Verse 3: Roddy Ricch]. Keep a Glocky when I ride in the Suburban. 'Cause the codeine had a young nigga swervin'. I got the mop, watch me wash 'em like detergent. And I'm ballin', that's why it's diamonds on my jersey. Slide on opps' side and flip the block back, yeah, yeah. My junior popped him and left him lopsided, yeah, yeah. We spin his block, got the rebound, Dennis Rodman. Fool me one time, you can't cross me again. Twelve hundred horsepower, I get lost in the wind. If he talkin' on the yard, the pen' dogs'll take his chin. Maybach SUV for my refugees. Buy blocks in the hood, put money in the streets. I was solo when the opps caught me at the gas station. Had it on me, thirty thousand, thought it was my last day. But they ain't even want no smoke. If I had to choose it, murder what she wrote. [Chorus: DaBaby]. Let's go. Brand new Lamborghini, fuck a cop car. With the pistol on my hip like I'm a cop (Yeah, yeah, yeah). Have you ever met a real nigga rockstar? (Yeah). This ain't no guitar, bitch, this a Glock (Woo). My Glock told me to promise you gon' squeeze me (Woo). You better let me go the day you need me (Woo). Soon as you up me on that nigga, get to bustin' (Woo). And if I ain't enough, go get the chop16Embed