. This first Book proposes, first in brief, the whole Subject, Mans disobedience, and the loss thereupon of Paradise wherein he was plac't: Then touches the prime cause of his fall, the Serpent, or rather Satan in the Serpent; who revolting from God, and drawing to his side many Legions of Angels, was by the command of God driven out of Heaven with all his Crew into the great Deep. Which action past over, the Poem hasts into the midst of things, presenting Satan with his Angels now fallen into Hell, describ'd here, not in the Center (for Heaven and Earth may be suppos'd as yet not made, certainly not yet accurst) but in a place of utter darkness, fitliest call'd Chaos: Here Satan with his Angels lying on the burning Lake, thunder-struck and astonisht, after a certain space recovers, as from confusion, calls up him who next in Order and Dignity lay by him; they confer of thir miserable fall. Satan awakens all his Legions, who lay till then in the same manner confounded; They rise, thir Numbers, array of Battel, thir chief Leaders nam'd, according to the Idols known afterwards in Canaan and the Countries adjoyning. To these Satan directs his Speech, comforts them with hope yet of regaining Heaven, but tells them lastly of a new World and new kind of Creature to be created, according to an ancient Prophesie or report in Heaven; for that Angels were long before this visible Creation, was the opinion of many ancient Fathers. To find out the truth of this Prophesie, and what to determin thereon he refers to a full Councel. What his Associates thence attempt. Pandemonium the Palace of Satan rises, suddenly built out of the Deep: The infernal Peers there sit in Councel.. .    Of Man's first disobedience, and the fruit. Of that forbidden tree whose mortal taste. Brought death into the World, and all our woe,. With loss of EDEN, till one greater Man. Restore us, and regain the blissful Seat,. Sing, Heavenly Muse, that, on the secret top. Of OREB, or of SINAI, didst inspire. That Shepherd who first taught the chosen Seed,. In the Beginning how the Heavens and Earth. Rose out of CHAOS: or, if Sion hill. Delight thee more, and SILOA'S brook that flowed. Fast by the Oracle Of God, I thence. Invoke thy aid to my adventurous song,. That with no middle flight intends to soar. Above th' Aonian mount, while it pursues. Things unattempted yet in prose or rhyme.. And chiefly Thou, O Spirit, that dost prefer. Before all Temples th' upright heart and pure,. Instruct me, for Thou know'st; Thou from the first. Wast present, and, with mighty wings outspread. Dove-like sat'st brooding on the vast Abyss. And mad'st it pregnant: What in me is dark. Illumine, what is low raise and support;. That, to the height of this great Argument. I may assert th' Eternal Providence,. And justify the ways of God to men..   Say first, for Heav'n hides nothing from thy view. Nor the deep Tract of Hell, say first what cause. Mov'd our Grand Parents, in that happy state,. Favour'd of Heav'n so highly, to fall off. From their Creator, and transgress his Will. For one restraint, Lords of the World besides?. Who first seduc'd them to that foul revolt?. Th' infernal Serpent; he it was whose guile. Stirred up with Envy and Revenge, deceived. The Mother of Mankind, what time his Pride. Had cast him out from Heav'n, with all his Host. Of Rebel Angels, by whose aid, aspiring. To set himself in Glory above his Peers,. He trusted to have equal'd the most High,. If he oppos'd; and with ambitious aim. Against the Throne and Monarchy of God. Rais'd impious War in Heav'n and Battle proud. With vain attempt.  Him the Almighty Power. Hurled headlong flaming from th' Ethereal Sky. With hideous ruin and combustion, down. To bottomless perdition, there to dwell. In Adamantine Chains and penal Fire,. Who durst defy th' Omnipotent to Arms.. Nine times the space that measures day and night. To mortal men, he, with his horrid crew. Lay vanquished, rolling in the fiery Gulf. Confounded, though immortal: But his doom. Reserv'd him to more wrath; for now the thought. Both of lost happiness and lasting pain. Torments him; round he throws his baleful eyes. That witness'd huge affliction and dismay. Mixed with obdurate pride and steadfast hate:. At once, as far as Angels kenn, he views. The dismal Situation waste and wilde,. A Dungeon horrible, on all sides round. As one great Furnace flam'd; yet from those flames. No light, but rather darkness visible. Serv'd only to discover sights of woe,. Regions of sorrow, doleful shades, where peace. And rest can never dwell, hope never comes. That comes to all; but torture without end. Still urges, and a fiery Deluge, fed. With ever-burning Sulphur unconsume'd:. Such place Eternal Justice had prepar'd. For those rebellious, here their Prison ordain'd. In utter darkness, and their portion set. As far remov'd from God and light of Heav'n. As from the Centre thrice to th' utmost Pole.. Oh how unlike the place from whence they fell!. There the companions of his fall, o'erwhelm'd. With Floods and Whirlwinds of tempestuous fire,. He soon discerns, and weltering by his side. One next himself in power, and next in crime,. Long after known in PALESTINE, and nam'd. BEELZEBUB. To whom th' Arch-Enemy,. And thence in Heaven call'd Satan, with bold words. Breaking the horrid silence, thus began..    If thou beest he; But O how fall'n! how chang'd. From him who, in the happy Realms of Light. Cloth'd with transcendent brightness, didst outshine. Myriads though bright: If he whom mutual league,. United thoughts and counsels, equal hope,. And hazard in the Glorious Enterprise. Joynd with me once, now misery hath joined. In equal ruin: into what Pit thou seest. From what height fall'n, so much the stronger provd. He with his Thunder: and till then who knew. The force of those dire arms? yet not for those. Nor what the Potent Victor in his rage. Can else inflict do I repent or change,. Though chang'd in outward lustre, that fixt mind. And high disdain, from sense of injur'd merit,. That with the mightiest rais'd me to contend,. And to the fierce contentions brought along. Innumerable force of Spirits arm'd. That durst dislike his reign, and me preferring,. His utmost power with adverse power oppos'd. In dubious Battel on the Plains of Heav'n,. And shook his throne. What though the field be lost?. All is not lost; the unconquerable Will,. And study of revenge, immortal hate,. And courage never to submit or yield:. And what is else not to be overcome?. That Glory never shall his wrath or might. Extort from me. To bow and sue for grace. With suppliant knee, and deify his power. Who, from the terror of this arm, so late. Doubted his empire, that were low indeed,. That were an ignominy and shame beneath. This downfall; since by Fate the strength of Gods. And this empyreal sybstance, cannot fail;,. Since through experience of this great event. In Arms not worse, in foresight much advanc't,. We may with more successful hope resolve. To wage by force or guile eternal War. Irreconcilable, to our grand Foe,. Who now triumphs, and in th' excess of joy. Sole reigning holds the Tyranny of Heav'n..    So spake th' Apostate Angel, though in pain,. Vaunting aloud, but racked with deep despair;. And him thus answer'd soon his bold Compeer.. .    O Prince, O Chief of many Throned Powers. That led th' imbattled Seraphim to War. Under thy conduct, and in dreadful deeds. Fearless, endanger'd Heav'ns perpetual King;. And put to proof his high Supremacy,. Whether upheld by strength, or Chance, or Fate,. Too well I see and rue the dire event,. That with sad overthrow and foul defeat. Hath lost us Heav'n, and all this mighty Host. In horrible destruction laid thus low,. As far as Gods and Heav'nly Essences. Can Perish: for the mind and spirit remains. Invincible, and vigour soon returns,. Though all our Glory extinct, and happy state. Here swallow'd up in endless misery.. But what if he our Conquerour, (whom I now. Of force believe Almighty, since no less. Then such could have orepow'rd such force as ours). Have left us this our spirit and strength entire. Strongly to suffer and support our pains,. That we may so suffice his vengeful ire,. Or do him mightier service as his thralls. By right of War, what e're his business be. Here in the heart of Hell to work in Fire,. Or do his Errands in the gloomy Deep;. What can it the avail though yet we feel. Strength undiminished, or eternal being. To undergo eternal punishment?". Whereto with speedy words th' Arch-fiend reply'd.. .    Fall'n Cherube, to be weak is miserable. Doing or Suffering: but of this be sure,. To do ought good never will be our task,. But ever to do ill our sole delight,. As being the contrary to his high will. Whom we resist. If then his Providence. Out of our evil seek to bring forth good,. Our labour must be to pervert that end,. And out of good still to find means of evil;. Which ofttimes may succeed, so as perhaps. Shall grieve him, if I fail not, and disturb. His inmost counsels from their destined aim.. But see! the angry Victor hath recall'd. His Ministers of vengeance and pursuit. Back to the Gates of Heav'n: the Sulphurous Hail. Shot after us in storm, oreblown hath laid. The fiery Surge, that from the Precipice. Of Heav'n receiv'd us falling, and the Thunder,. Wing'd with red Lightning and impetuous rage,. Perhaps hath spent his shafts, and ceases now. To bellow through the vast and boundless Deep.. Let us not slip th' occasion, whether scorn,. Or satiate fury yield it from our Foe.. Seest thou yon dreary Plain, forlorn and wilde,. The seat of desolation, voyd of light,. Save what the glimmering of these livid flames. Casts pale and dreadful? Thither let us tend. From off the tossing of these fiery waves,. There rest, if any rest can harbour there,. And, reassembling our afflicted Powers,. Consult how we may henceforth most offend. Our Enemy, our own loss how repair,. How overcome this dire Calamity,. What reinforcement we may gain from Hope,. If not, what resolution from despare.. .    Thus Satan, talking to his nearest Mate. With Head up-lift above the wave, and Eyes. That sparkling blaz'd, his other Parts besides. Prone on the Flood, extended long and large. Lay floating many a rood, in bulk as huge. As whom the Fables name of monstrous size,. TITANIAN or EARTH-BORN, that warr'd on JOVE,. BRIARIOS or TYPHON, whom the Den. By ancient TARSUS held, or that Sea-beast. LEVIATHAN, which God of all his works. Created hugest that swim th' Ocean-stream:. Him, haply slumbering on the NORWAY foam. The Pilot of some small night-founder'd Skiff,. Deeming some Island, oft, as Sea-men tell,. With fixed Anchor in his scaly rind. Moors by his side under the Lee, while Night. Invests the Sea, and wished Morn delayes:. So stretched out huge in length the Arch-fiend lay. Chained on the burning lake; nor ever thence. Had risen, or heaved his head, but that the will. And high permission of all-ruling Heaven. Left him at large to his own dark designs,. That with reiterated crimes he might. Heap on himself damnation, while he sought. Evil to others, and enrag'd might see. How all his malice serv'd but to bring forth. Infinite goodness, grace and mercy shewn. On Man by him seduc't, but on himself. Treble confusion, wrath and vengeance pour'd.. Forthwith upright he rears from off the Pool. His mighty Stature; on each hand the flames. Drivn backward slope their pointing spires, & rowld. In billows, leave i'th' midst a horrid Vale.. Then with expanded wings he steers his flight. Aloft, incumbent on the dusky Air. That felt unusual weight, till on dry Land. He lights, if it were land that ever burn'd. With solid, as the Lake with liquid fire;. And such appear'd in hue as when the force. Of subterranean wind transports a Hill. Torn from PELORUS, or the shatter'd side. Of thundering AETNA, whose combustible. And fuelled entrails, thence conceiving Fire,. Sublimed with mineral fury, aid the Winds,. And leave a singed bottom all involv'd. With stench and smoke: Such resting found the sole. Of unblest feet. Him followed his next Mate,. Both glorying to have scap't the STYGIAN flood. As Gods, and by their own recover'd strength,. Not by the sufferance of supernal Power.. .    Is this the Region, this the Soil, the Clime,. Said then the Lost Archangel, this the seat. That we must change for Heav'n, this mournful gloom. For that celestial light? Be it so, since hee. Who now is Sovran can dispose and bid. What shall be right: farthest from him is best. Whom reason hath equald, force hath made supreme. Above his equals. Farewell, happy Fields. Where Joy for ever dwells: Hail, horrours, hail. Infernal world, and thou profoundest Hell. Receive thy new Possessor: One who brings. A mind not to be chang'd by Place or Time.. The mind is its own place, and in itself. Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.. What matter where, if I be still the same,. And what I should be, all but less than hee. Whom Thunder hath made greater? Here at least. We shall be free; th' Almighty hath not built. Here for his envy, will not drive us hence:. Here we may reign secure, and in my choice. To reign is worth ambition, though in Hell:. Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heav'n.. But wherefore let we then our faithful friends,. Th' associates and copartners of our loss. Lye thus astonished on th' oblivious pool,. And call them not to share with us their part. In this unhappy Mansion, or once more. With rallied Arms to try what may be yet. Regaind in Heav'n, or what more lost in Hell?. .    So SATAN spake; and him BEELZEBUB. Thus answer'd. Leader of those Armies bright,. Which, but th' Omnipotent none could have foyld,. If once they hear that voyce, their liveliest pledge. Of hope in fears and dangers, heard so oft. In worst extreams, and on the perilous edge. Of battel when it rag'd, in all assaults. Their surest signal, they will soon resume. New courage and revive, though now they lye. Groveling and prostrate on yon Lake of Fire,. As we erewhile, astounded and amaz'd,. No wonder, fall'n such a pernicious hight.. .    He scarce had ceas't when the superior Fiend. Was moving toward the shore; his ponderous shield. Ethereal temper, massy, large, and round,. Behind him cast; The broad circumference. Hung on his shoulders like the Moon, whose Orb. Through Optic Glass the TUSCAN Artist views. At Ev'ning, from the top of FESOLE,. Or in VALDARNO, to descry new Lands,. Rivers or Mountains in her spotty Globe.. His Spear, to equal which the tallest Pine. Hewn on NORWEGIAN hills, to be the Mast. Of some great Ammiral, were but a wand,. He walkt with to support uneasy steps. Over the burning Marle, not like those steps. On Heaven's Azure, and the torrid Clime. Smote on him sore besides, vaulted with Fire;. Nathless he so endur'd, till on the Beach. Of that inflamed Sea, he stood and call'd. His Legions, Angel Forms, who lay entranc't. Thick as Autumnal Leaves that strow the Brooks. In VALLOMBROSA, where th' ETRURIAN shades. High overarch't imbow'r; or scatterd sedge. Afloat, when with fierce Winds ORION arm'd. Hath vext the Red-Sea Coast, whose waves orethrew. BUSIRIS and his MEMPHIAN Chivalrie,. While with perfidious hatred they pursu'd. The Sojourners of GOSHEN, who beheld. From the safe shore their floating Carcases. And broken Chariot Wheels, so thick bestrown,. Abject and lost lay these, covering the Flood,. Under amazement of their hideous change.. He call'd so loud, that all the hollow Deep. Of Hell resounded. Princes, Potentates,. Warriers, the Flowr of Heav'n, once yours, now lost,. If such astonishment as this can seize. Eternal spirits; Or have ye chos'n this place. After the toyl of Battel to repose. Your wearied vertue, for the ease you find. To slumber here, as in the Vales of Heav'n?. Or in this abject posture have ye sworn. To adore the Conqueror? who now beholds. Cherube and Seraph rolling in the Flood. With scatter'd Arms and Ensigns, till anon. His swift pursuers from Heav'n Gates discern. Th' advantage, and, descending tread us down. Thus drooping, or with linked Thunderbolts. Transfix us to the bottom of this Gulfe.. Awake, arise, or be for ever fall'n.. .    They heard, and were abasht, and up they sprung. Upon the wing, as when men wont to watch. On duty, sleeping found by whom they dread,. Rouse and bestir themselves ere well awake.. Nor did they not perceive the evil plight. In which they were, or the fierce pains not feel;. Yet to their Generals Voyce they soon obeyd. Innumerable. As when the potent Rod. Of AMRAMS Son in EGYPTS evil day. Wav'd round the Coast, up call'd a pitchy cloud. Of LOCUSTS, warping on the Eastern Wind,. That ore the Realm of impious PHAROAH hung. Like Night, and darken'd all the Land of NILE:. So numberless were those bad Angels seen. Hovering on wing under the Cope of Hell. 'Twixt upper, nether, and surrounding Fires;. Till, as a signal giv'n, th' uplifted Spear. Of their great Sultan waving to direct. Thir course, in even balance down they light. On the firm brimstone, and fill all the Plain;. A multitude, like which the populous North. Pour'd never from her frozen loyns to pass. RHENE or the DANAW, when her barbarous Sons. Came like a Deluge on the South, and spread. Beneath GIBRALTAR to the LYBIAN sands.. Forthwith from every Squadron and each Band. The Heads and Leaders thither haste where stood. Their great Commander—godlike Shapes, and Forms. Excelling human, Princely Dignities,. And Powers that erst in Heaven sat on Thrones;. Though on their Names in Heav'nly Records now. Be no memorial, blotted out and ras'd. By thir Rebellion, from the Books of Life.. Nor had they yet among the Sons of EVE. Got them new Names, till wandring ore the Earth,. Through Gods high sufferance for the tryal of man,. By falsities and lyes the greatest part. Of Mankind they corrupted to forsake. God their Creator, and th' invisible. Glory of him, that made them, to transform. Oft to the Image of a Brute, adorn'd. With gay Religions full of Pomp and Gold,. And Devils to adore for Deities:. Then were they known to men by various Names,. And various Idols through the Heathen World.. Say, Muse, their Names then known, who first, who last,. Rous'd from the slumber, on that fiery Couch,. At their great Emperors call, as next in worth. Came singly where he stood on the bare strand,. While the promiscuous crowd stood yet aloof?. The chief were those who, from the Pit of Hell. Roaming to seek their prey on earth, durst fix. Their Seats long after next the Seat of God,. Their Altars by his Altar, Gods ador'd. Among the Nations round, and durst abide. JEHOVAH thundering out of SION, thron'd. Between the Cherubim; yea, often plac'd. Within his Sanctuary itself their Shrines,. Abominations; and with cursed things. His holy Rites and solemn Feasts profan'd,. And with their darkness durst affront his light.. First MOLOCH, horrid King, besmear'd with blood. Of human sacrifice, and parents tears,. Though for the noyse of Drums and Timbrels loud. Their childrens cries unheard, that passed through fire. To his grim Idol. Him the AMMONITE. Worshipt in RABBA and her watery Plain,. In ARGOB and in BASAN, to the stream. Of utmost ARNON. Nor content with such. Audacious neighbourhood, the wisest heart. Of SOLOMON he led by fraud to build. His Temple right against the Temple of God. On that opprobrious Hill, and made his Grove. The pleasant Vally of HINNOM, TOPHET thence. And black GEHENNA call'd, the Type of Hell.. Next CHEMOS, th' obscene dread of MOABS Sons,. From AROER to NEBO and the wild. Of Southmost ABARIM; in HESEBON. And HERONAIM, SEONS Real, beyond. The flowery Dale of SIBMA clad with Vines,. And ELEALE to th' ASPHALTICK Pool.. PEOR his other Name, when he entic'd. ISRAEL in SITTIM, on their march from NILE. To do him wanton rites, which cost them woe.. Yet thence his lustful Orgies he enlarg'd. Even to that Hill of scandal, by the Grove. Of MOLOCH homicide, lust hard by hate;. Till good JOSIAH drove them thence to Hell.. With these came they, who from the bordering flood. Of old EUPHRATES to the Brook that parts. EGYPT from SYRIAN ground, had general Names. Of BAALIM and ASHTAROTH, those male,. These feminine. For Spirits when they please. Can either Sex assume, or both; so soft. And uncompounded is their Sssence pure,. Not ti'd or manacl'd with joYnt or limb,. Nor founded on the brittle strength of bones,. Like cumbrous flesh; but, in what shape they choose,. Dilated or condens't, bright or obscure,. Can execute their aerie purposes,. And works of love or enmity fulfil.. For those the Race of ISRAEL oft forsook. Their living strength, and unfrequented left. His righteous Altar, bowing lowly down. To bestial Gods; for which their heads as low. Bow'd down in Battel, sunk before the Spear. Of despicable foes. With these in troop. Came ASTORETH, whom the PHOENICIANS call'd. ASTARTE, Queen of Heav'n, with crescent Horns;. To whose bright Image nightly by the Moon. SIDONIAN Virgins paid their Vows and Songs,. In SION also not unsung, where stood. Her Temple on th' offensive Mountain, built. By that uxorious King, whose heart though large,. Beguiled by fair Idolatresses, fell. To Idols foul. THAMMUZ came next behind,. Whose annual wound in LEBANON allur'd. The SYRIAN Damsels to lament his fate. In amorous ditties all a Summers day,. While smooth ADONIS from his native Rock. Ran purple to the Sea, suppos'd with blood. Of THAMMUZ yearly wounded: the Love-tale. Infected SIONS daughters with like heat,. Whose wanton passions in the sacred Porch. EZEKIEL saw, when by the Vision led. His eye survay'd the dark Idolatries. Of alienated JUDAH. Next came one. Who mourn'd in earnest, when the Captive Ark. Maim'd his brute Image, head and hands lopt off,. In his own Temple, on the grunsel edge,. Where he fell flat and sham'd his Worshippers:. DAGON his name, Sea Monster, upward Man. And downward Fish: yet had his Temple high. Rear'd in AZOTUS, dreaded through the Coast. Of PALESTINE, in GATH and ASCALON,. And ACCARON and GAZA's frontier bounds.. Him follow'd RIMMON, whose delightful Seat. Was fair DAMASCUS, on the fertile Banks. Of ABBANA and PHARPHAR, lucid streams.. He also against the house of God was bold:. A leper once he lost, and gain'd a King,. AHAZ his sottish conqueror, whom he drew. Gods altar to disparage and displace. For one of SYRIAN mode, whereon to burn. His odious offerings, and adore the Gods. Whom he had vanquished. After these appear'd. A crew who under Names of old Renown,. OSIRIS, ISIS, ORUS and their Train. With monstrous shapes and sorceries abus'd. Fanatic EGYPT and her Priests, to seek. Thir wandering Gods disguis'd in brutish forms. Rather than human. Nor did ISRAEL scape. Th' infection, when their borrow'd Gold compos'd. The calf in OREB; and the Rebel King. Doubl'd that sin in BETHEL and in DAN,. Lik'ning his Maker to the Grazed Ox,. JEHOVAH, who, in one Night when he pass'd. From EGYPT marching, equal'd with one stroke. Both her first born and all her bleating Gods.. BELIAL came last, than whom a Spirit more lewd. Fell not from Heaven, or more gross to love. Vice for itself: To him no Temple stood. Or Altar smok'd; yet who more oft than hee. In Temples and at Altars, when the Priest. Turns Atheist, as did ELY'S Sons, who fill'd. With lust and violence the house of God.. In Courts and Palaces he also Reigns. And in luxurious Cities, where the noyse. Of riot ascends above their loftiest Towrs,. And injury and outrage: And when Night. Darkens the streets, then wander forth the sons. Of BELIAL, flown with insolence and wine.. Witness the Streets of SODOM, and that night. In GIBEAH, when the hospitable Dores. Yielded thir Matrons to prevent worse rape.. These were the prime in order and in might;. The rest were long to tell, though far renown'd,. Th' IONIAN Gods, of JAVANS Issue held. Gods, yet confessed later than Heav'n and Earth. Their boasted Parents; TITAN Heav'n first born. With his enormous brood, and birthright seis'd. By younger SATURN, he from mightier JOVE. His own and RHEA'S Son, like measure found;. So JOVE usurping reign'd: these, first in CREET. And IDA known, thence on the Snowy top. Of cold OLYMPUS rul'd the middle Air. Their highest heaven; or on the Delphian cliff,. Or in Dodona, and through all the bounds. Of Doric land; or who with Saturn old. Fled over ADRIA to th' HESPERIAN Fields,. And ore the CELTIC roam'd the utmost Isles.. All these and more came flocking; but with looks. Downcast and damp, yet such wherein appear'd. Obscure some glimpse of joy, to have found their chief. Not in despair, to have found themselves not lost. In loss it self; which on his count'nance cast. Like doubtful hue: but he his wonted pride. Soon recollecting, with high words, that bore. Semblance of worth not substance, gently rais'd. Their fainting courage, and dispel'd their fears.. Then straight commands that at the warlike sound. Of Trumpets loud and Clarions be upreared. His mighty Standard; that proud honour claim'd. AZAZEL as his right, a Cherube tall:. Who forthwith from the glittering Staff unfurld. Th' Imperial Ensign, which full high advanc'd. Shon like a Meteor streaming to the Wind. With Gemms and Golden lustre rich imblaz'd,. Seraphic arms and Trophies: all the while. Sonorous mettal blowing Martial sounds:. At which the universal Host upsent. A shout that tore Hells Concave, and beyond. Frighted the Reign of CHAOS and old Night.. All in a moment through the gloom were seen. Ten thousand Banners rise into the Air. With Orient Colours waving: with them rose. A Forest huge of Spears; and thronging Helms. Appear'd, and serried Shields in thick array. Of depth immeasurable: Anon they move. In perfect PHALANX to the Dorian mood. Of Flutes and soft Recorders; such as rais'd. To height of noblest temper Hero's old. Arming to Battel, and in stead of rage. Deliberate valour breath'd, firm and unmov'd. With dread of death to flight or foul retreat,. Nor wanting power to mitigate and swage. With solemn touches, troubl'd thoughts, and chase. Anguish and doubt and fear and sorrow and pain. From mortal or immortal minds. Thus they. Breathing united force with fixed thought. Mov'd on in silence to soft Pipes that charm'd. Thir painful steps o're the burnt soyle; and now. Advanc't in view they stand, a horrid Front. Of dreadful length and dazling Arms, in guise. Of Warriers old with order'd Spear and Shield,. Awaiting what command thir mighty Chief. Had to impose: He through the armed Files. Darts his experienc't eye, and soon traverse. The whole Battalion views,thir order due,. Thir visages and stature as of Gods,. Thir number last he summs. And now his heart. Distends with pride, and hardning in his strength. Glories: For never since created man,. Met such imbodied force, as nam'd with these. Could merit more than that small infantry. Warr'd on by Cranes: though all the Giant brood. Of PHLEGRA with th' Heroic Race were joyn'd. That fought at THEB'S and ILIUM, on each side. Mixt with auxiliar Gods; and what resounds. In Fable or ROMANCE of UTHERS Son. Begirt with BRITISH and ARMORIC Knights;. And all who since, Baptiz'd or Infidel. Jousted in ASPRAMONT or MONTALBAN,. DAMASCO, or MaroccoAROCCO, or TREBISOND,. Or whom BISERTA sent from AFRIC shore. When CHARLEMAIN with all his Peerage fell. By FONTARABBIA. Thus far these beyond. Compare of mortal prowess, yet observ'd. Their dread Commander: he, above the rest. In shape and gesture proudly eminent. Stood like a Towr; his form had yet not lost. All her original brightness, nor appeared. Less than Arch Angel ruined, and th' excess. Of glory obscured: as when the sun new-risen. Looks through the horizontal misty air. Shorn of his beams, or from behind the Moon. In dim Eclips disastrous twilight sheds. On half the Nations, and with fear of change. Perplexes Monarchs. Dark'n'd so, yet shone. Above them all th' Arch Angel: but his face. Deep scars of Thunder had intrenched, and care. Sat on his faded cheek, but under Browes. Of dauntless courage, and considerate Pride. Waiting revenge: cruel his eye, but cast. Signs of remorse and passion, to behold. The fellows of his crime, the followers rather. (Far other once beheld in bliss), condemned. For ever now to have their lot in pain,. Millions of Spirits for his fault amerc't. Of Heav'n, and from eternal splendours flung. For his revolt, yet faithful how they stood,. Their Glory withered. As, when Heavens Fire. Hath scath'd the Forest Oaks or Mountain Pines,. With singed top their stately growth, though bare. Stands on the blasted heath. He now prepared. To speak; whereat their doubl'd Ranks they bend. From Wing to Wing, and half enclose him round. With all his Peers: attention held them mute.. Thrice he assayed, and thrice, in spite of scorn,. Tears, such as Angels weep, burst forth: at last. Words interwove with sighs found out their way.. .    O Myriads of immortal Spirits! O Powers. Matchless, but with th' Almighty!—and that strife. Was not inglorious, though th' event was dire,. As this place testifies, and this dire change. Hateful to utter: but what power of mind. Forseeing or presaging, from the Depth. Of knowledge past or present, could have fear'd. How such united force of Gods, how such. As stood like these, could ever know repulse?. For who can yet beleeve, though after loss,. That all these puissant Legions, whose exile. Hath emptied Heav'n, shall fail to re-ascend. Self-rais'd, and repossess their native seat.. For me, be witness all the Host of Heav'n,. If counsels different, or danger shun'd. By me, have lost our hopes. But he who reigns. Monarch in Heav'n till then as one secure. Sat on his Throne, upheld by old repute,. Consent or custom, and his Regal State. Put forth at full, but still his strength conceal'd,. Which tempted our attempt, and wrought our fall.. Henceforth his might we know, and know our own. So as not either to provoke, or dread. New warR provok't:; our better part remains. To work in close design, by fraud or guile. What force effected not: that he no less. At length from us may find, who overcomes. By force, hath overcome but half his foe.. Space may produce new Worlds; whereof so rife. There went a fame in Heav'n that he ere long. Intended to create, and therein plant. A generation, whom his choice regard. Should favour equal to the Sons of Heaven:. Thither, if but to pry, shall be perhaps. Our first eruption, thither, or elsewhere:. For this Infernal Pit shall never hold. Celestial Spirits in Bondage, nor th' Abysse. Long under darkness cover. But these thoughts. Full Counsel must mature: Peace is despaird,. For who can think Submission? Warr then, Warr. Open or understood, must be resolv'd.. .    He spake: and, to confirm his words, out-flew. Millions of flaming swords, drawn from the thighs. Of mighty Cherubim; the sudden blaze. Far round illumin'd hell: highly they rag'd. Against the Highest, and fierce with grasped arm's. Clash'd on their sounding shields the din of war,. Hurling defiance toward the vault of Heav'n.. .    There stood a Hill not far, whose grisly top. Belch'd fire and rolling smoak; the rest entire. Shone with a glossy scurf, undoubted sign. That in his womb was hid metallic Ore,. The work of Sulphur. Thither, wing'd with speed. A numerous Brigad hasten'd. As when bands. Of Pioners, with Spade and Pickaxe arm'd. Forerun the Royal Camp, to trench a Field,. Or cast a Rampart. MAMMON led them on,. MAMMON, the least erected Spirit that fell. From heav'n, for ev'n in heav'n his looks & thoughts. Were always downward bent, admiring more. The riches of Heave'ns pavement, trod'n Gold,. Than aught divine or holy else enjoy'd. In vision beatific: by him first. Men also, and by his suggestion taught,. Ransack'd the Centre, and with impious hands. Rifl'd the bowels of thir mother Earth. For Treasures better hid. Soon had his crew. Op'ned into the Hill a spacious wound. And dig'd out ribs of Gold. Let none admire. That riches grow in Hell; that soil may best. Deserve the precious bane. And here let those. Who boast in mortal things, and wondering tell. Of BABEL, and the works of MEMPHIAN Kings,. Learn how their greatest Monuments of Fame,. And Strength and Art are easily outdone. By Spirits reprobate, and in an hour. What in an age they with incessant toil. And hands innumerable scarce perform. Nigh on the Plain in many cells prepar'd,. That underneath had veins of liquid fire. Sluc'd from the Lake, a second multitude. With wondrous Art founded the massy Ore,. Severing each kinde, and scum'd the Bullion dross:. A third as soon had form'd within the ground. A various mould, and from the boyling cells. By strange conveyance fill'd each hollow nook,. As in an Organ from one blast of wind. To many a row of Pipes the sound-board breaths.. Anon out of the earth a Fabric huge. Rose like an Exhalation, with the sound. Of Dulcet Aymphonies and voices sweet,. Built like a Temple, where PILASTERS round. Were set, and Doric pillars overlaid. With Golden Architrave; nor did there want. Cornice or Freeze, with bossy Sculptures grav'n,. The Roof was fretted Gold. Not BABILON,. Nor great Al CAIRO such magnificence. Equal'd in all their glories, to enshrine. BELUS or SERAPIS their Gods, or seat. Their Kings, when EGYPT with ASSYRIA strove. In wealth and luxurie. Th' ascending pile. Stood fixed her stately highth, and strait the dores. Op'ning thir brazen foulds discover wide. Within, her ample spaces, o're the smooth. And level pavement: from the arched roof. Pendent by suttle Magic many a row. Of Starry Lamps and blazing Cressets, fed. With Naptha and ASPHALTUS, yeilded light. As from a sky. The hasty multitude. Admiring enter'd, and the work some praise. And some the Architect: his hand was known. In Heav'n by many a Towred structure high,. Where Sceptr'd Angels held their residence,. And sat as Princes, whom the supreme King. Exalted to such power, and gave to rule,. Each in his Herarchie, the Orders bright.. Nor was his name unheard or unador'd. In ancient Greece; and in AUSONIAN land. Men call'd him MULCIBER; and how he fell. From Heaven they fabled, thrown by angry Jove. Sheer o'er the crystal battlements: from morn. To noon he fell, from noon to dewy eve. A summer's day, and with the setting sun. Dropt from the zenith, like a falling star. On Lemnos, th' Aegaean isle. Thus they relate,. Erring; for he with this rebellious rout. Fell long before; nor aught availed him now. To have built in Heav'n high towers; nor did he scape. By all his Engins, but was headlong sent. With his industrious crew to build in hell.. Mean while the winged Haralds by command. Of Sovran power, with awful Ceremony. And Trumpets sound throughout the Host proclaim. A solemn Councel forthwith to be held. At PANDAEMONIUM, the high Capital. Of Satan and his Peers: thir summons call'd. From every Band and squared Regiment. By place or choice the worthiest; They anon. With hundreds and with thousands trooping came. Attended: all access was throng'd, the Gates. And Porches wide, but chief the spacious Hall. (Though like a cover'd field, where Champions bold. Wont ride in arm'd, and at the Soldans chair. Defi'd the best of Panim chivalry. To mortal combat or career with Lance). Thick swarm'd, both on the ground and in the air,. Brushed with the hiss of rustling wings. As Bees. In spring time, when the Sun with Taurus rides,. Pour forth their populous youth about the Hive. In clusters; they among fresh dews and flowers. Flie to and fro, or on the smoothed Plank,. The suburb of their Straw-built Cittadel,. New rub'd with Baume, expatiate and confer. Their State affairs: so thick the aerie crowd. Swarm'd and were straitn'd; till the Signal giv'n,. Behold a wonder! they but now who seemed. In bigness to surpass Earth's Giant Sons. Now less than smallest Dwarfs, in narrow room. Throng numberless, like that Pigmean Race. Beyond the INDIAN Mount, or Faerie Elves,. Whose midnight Revels, by a Forrest side. Or Fountain some belated Peasant sees,. Or dreams he sees, while overhead the Moon. Sits Arbitress, and nearer to the Earth. Wheels her pale course, they, on their mirth & dance. Intent, with jocond Music charm his ear;. At once with joy and fear his heart rebounds.. Thus incorporeal Spirits to smallest forms. Reduc'd their shapes immense, and were at large,. Though without number still amidst the Hall. Of that infernal Court. But far within. And in their own dimensions like themselves. The great Seraphic Lords and Cherubim. In close recess and secret conclave sat,. A thousand Demi-Gods on golden seat's,. Frequent and full. After short silence then. And summons read, the great consult began.32Embed