. My temper is great, I'll punch you dead in the face. My left straight put your motherfucking neck in a brace. Fuck the church, fuck the rich, fuck the rest of these snakes. And fuck world peace like Ron Artest being raped. Did I mention the jakes. We roll up on um deeper than the Persians at the Thespian's gates. Burning mothafuckers to the death at the stakes. Like Henry the 8th I leave severed heads in my way. You never were safe, I swing machetes with hate. Til it separates the mothafucking legs from your waist. My methods are crazed, MAC-10 and grenades. And I will rush the fucking White House on Presidents Day. That's what happens if you get in my way. I got it locked like the felons in Pelican Bay. Soon you will all learn the depth of my hate. And soon you will all learn that heaven is fake. [Tabs]. . Tabs an animal, you shouldn't let him off the leash. He appears in man-form then transforms like Altered Beast. Talk is cheap, couldn't buy you a quart of water. Brought the slaughter, beat you with the corpse of your recorded daughter. Abnormal torture, drawn and quartered before I knock him out. To make sure they stay silent cuz that gay rhyming is not allowed. I give a fuck if you got the crown. I'm ground breaking making mountains topple down, that's how I rock the crowd. Locked it down, switched stations, shit's changing. Cuz we don't pretend we're dope, we push the envelope like Cliff Clavin. You faggots want to brawl you get mauled like Smith Haven. On some stomping shit when I soccer kick your bitch face in. I'll bring down the rafters, I'm disaster in its master form. Dragon born with massive horns to impale you faggots on. Mad suckas thought they had our number, but their math was wrong. So we trample what you fags breed like a stampede of massive bulls. . [Elz Sinatra]. . Dead Rabbits something like the hardest, built for war we gon' fight regardless. Black out in the booth, turning light from darkness. Hit moving targets like a writing marksman. Go ahead and get it started, I'll kill your dream like I sniped at Martin. I just like the horror. All these paper-mâché artists, tear they ass in half now they twice as garbage. Gather the goons let's incite the marching. 300 deep, roll up like the Spartans. Words are weapons raise your mics. Get hyped, let's get the fucking fighting started. Elz Sinatra bitch my shit is popping. Sick with it, abortion clinics couldn't even stop the kid from dropping. I know they pussy by the fucking smell. Hate me now but they'll never take me down like Chuck Liddell. I'm bad for your fucking health. So go run and tell the champ that I'll hang him by his neck from his fucking belt. It's Elz Sinatra, Dead Rabbits bitch nothing else. You might also like[Menace The Assassin]. . I'm hungry please believe that it's time that you feed the beast. Getting my weasel grease, bring a Jesus freak to the sweet release. Your steez is weak, weaker than quadriplegic knees. ?? sweep the streets, you ain't evil as me capisce. I keep it real, I rushed a thousand kings thrones. I know you think the kid is ill, got that Munchausen syndrome. I've been known to bring the drama cuz I'm fiending to hurt fools. Your mama should've swallowed all the semen that birthed you bitch. A fucking demon who be putting in work. So when you see your knees hitting the dirt like a church pew. You know who murked you, yeah it was Menace ??. So many fake pussies, rappers like a fetish shop. And when I let it pop, I bet you pull a fucking Cheddar Bob. So you can't get a vibe, you faggots never stop. You getting go, do not provoke this Italian. The Assassin's off the chain like a broken medallion mothafucker. . [Coal Cash]. . Ocean of blood cause a flood worse than Gilgamesh. Wade through mud, bathe in blood when it spills from flesh. Instilled with death, cave your chest, I'm imbued with hate. And through your face, your brain explodes like a tube of paste. I'll chew the traits from your grill and watch it spill your soul. Fill a bowl, as it erupts after I drill a hole. I'll kill you slow so you can know every slice and stab. Then gag your bitch, drill her with dick over your lifeless slab. I'll drag your body off the back of a chariot. Nefarious team keen with a guillotine lariat. It's fucking hilarious the various ways that we mutilate. To brutalate the bar I'll slam a morning star through your face. So screw the wait I came to rape every last hoe. Coal will tell that slut "I'm Muk, let me see your asshole". I smash souls til it overflows the firmament. A permit at best, spit fiery death, your flesh will burn in it. "Beat dead, that means you dead meat...I blow the back of your brains out...You get beat dead, that means you dead meat...I ain't never scared, I got big hammers everywhere...Beat dead, that means you dead meat...I blow the back of your brains out...You get beat dead, that means you dead meat...Shatter bones in your body..."Embed