. Verse - Fuck a bitch and drop a hit nigga that’s the model, Every Beat I go on I’m going full throttle drinking Muscato, cuz I ain’t rich yet they thought I fucked up I passed up a big check, niggas quick to put they self in quick debt killing they self now they can’t find they fucking net, woah we buying choppas off of eBay the way I’m shooting that bitch they should put it on replay, give a nigga 600 no edai free my Brother bitch I’m sending money over jpay, we stepping on shit if they get in our way, you want a feature but you niggas gotta pay, discounts on holidays bust a nigga head in drive away, we all up in public fuck a hide away, I’m blowing up I had to work for this game Rest In Peace Breonna Taylor they won’t say her name, Black Lives Matter we going threw pain in I’m going duff if they try to take my chain, this a trophy I mad a name cashing out on this bitches don’t forget to take the change, pussy nigga I made it threw the rain I’m sawin shit, I hope you make it threw the game, dog off the chain hear my life but you won’t feel my pain fuck a bit today tomorrow I might forget her name!. Chours - Keep Capping On Insta Imma Red Something, Hide The Dope Slime I Heard The Feeds Coming, I’m Bout To Blow I Can Feel It In My Stomach, O I Thought A Bitch Nigga Said Sum. . Verse -Time to go crazy the pack hit told them wait for me to drop cuz I don’t put out wack shit. Sweeping shit call me Aladdin almost broke the truck stick on the madden. Bust a nigga head throw his body in a cabinet then ima watch the murder on a tablet. Niggas sneak dissing but imma catch ya Paramedics gonna have to put your body on a stretcher. Niggas mad cuz I’m tryna buy a Tesla in they bitch listening to my music on alexia. Who better I can change the weather all these hits now she tried the suck me when I met her. Under my umbrella Ella eyy I anit make it yet but I’m still getting paid still Toting  Glocks guess I’m stuck in my ways they still anit Free my brother I heard he got it made. They was sleeping on my flow I guess they up now laughing at the pundens like what now. Stick flow call this bitch the clean up they recruiting niggas I never tried to team. Nigga d up I gotta re-up they go crazy for that white call my lines adidas. Running from the police you’ll think I was a cheetah I hope that bitch swerve in hit the parking meter. Follow the leader I’m tryna get a mill in make sure them sneak disses don’t end up in yo will. Shit real, every Glock got a beam hating niggas washed up oxy clean. They a meme I’m shooting like Kareem not even a year rapping this shit was just a Dream. Niggas green can’t find find they own theme I stay up at night I got demons in my dreams. Guess the past coming back let me hold a rack put it on His head imma give it back. I did time in that cell that I’ll never get back but still in the streets like where them niggas at. But I anit that kind of guy killing shit on Spotify I’m trying to make my mark before I gotta day goodbye. Dreams of drive bys why I’m eating Popeyes I heard they want me dead Cuz I stay in they Archives. So they pour more liesYou might also likeEmbed