Liked you. Why?. Why?. Cause these are my people (people). Cause these are my people (these are my people). People (people). These are my people (these are my people). People. . [Verse 1: P. Win]. See this pain about my heart. Take it right now if you really wanna see it. F-feel this strain lift out my shoulders. Lift if now if you really wanna feel it. H-hear the pain inside my voice. Let my know if you really wanna hear. B-b-been to hell and back. Knowing this pain will remain my brain to relate. I refrain from obstacles in this lane. I obtain the mind-frame of your life in that I claim. Me people, my prequel, my sequel, we live, we laugh, we learn. And for that I burn but don't underestimate all we've earned. Tell my mother she didn't work hard and one son and two daughters. And tell my wife she didn't get left on the street we a part of. Tell my father didn't scrap for every dollar we had. Working overnight, double-shift to put clothes on our back. And every time we moved away I knew money was to blame. But my father said "keep your head up in times of struggle and pain". I knew these were my people, I would die for these people. Welcome to my second (second life). The sequel. [Bridge]. Liked you. . [Verse 2: P. Win]. Soar out of my cage (soar out of my cage). Right now I really wanna rage (rage). Right now I really wanna break but my feet stuck to this stage. Asking "can you people free me?". But I'm not into believing. Give me saints cause we all need it. You're alive but are you breathing. In a second I will count to ten (ten). Ten. Looking back I'd do it all again (gain). Taking a leap of faith never to look back. Taking a look on life. Taking a look at that. Falling inside. Feeling the fire burn right. One, never gonna quit, feeling the passion till it's all done. Two, and proving yourself, feeling in everything that we wanna do. Three, unity, you can find it all inside of you. Four, giving me more. Five, taking a chance and open the door. Six, being a leader, face your fear inside your own eyes. Seven, no limitations, just setting your pride all aside. Eight, ignoring the hate. Nine, leading by fate. Last is ten, refuse to lose, expect to win (win, win, win). You might also like[Outro: P Win]. Liked you. Why?. Why?. Cause these are my people (people). Cause these are my people (these are my people). People (people). These are my people (these are my people). PeopleEmbed