Ay look, the cowboy ain't wanna meet (meat) on URL. So Rare Breed was the medium to cater the plate. This beef 'bout to get done well. Y'all 'bout to see the vegan done made a mistake (made him a steak). Do him greasy, finger lickin', savor the taste. Talkin' Beasley, SMACK niggas, stay in ya place. You get shot in ya face, and then shot in ya face more. They say, "Mook you went overboard.". Of course, that's how you make sure (shore). Let's pick up the pace. Chase gave a nigga from the Lou' the baton. Well I got him, no problem. It's gonna look like the bottoms after I stomp blood out him. Mr. Easy Bucket stupid, this feat (feet) you in. A Christian Lou' been (Loubin') for the win, I'ma shoo (shoe) in. And guess who doin' the bap, bap, bap ties and the gat risin'. They all come my way with detention. End up gettin' the same sentence. Start with I, chalk lines, mad times, I show 'em the ropes. Now this is where Chaz ties in (chastising). If I don't put Chaz man in a casket. Shiiit, you gon' be nappin' on a mattress. With a permanent address at the hospital. The sight gon' be the saddest, it's tragic. Imagine havin' to see ya kid try to play peek a boo witchu in ICU (and I see you). I can see more wrong (moron) when I see you. God got a devilish sense of humor, that's probably true. I mean his test gotta be a few of the funniest jokes. Like, "Don't y'all think it's hilarious that after you just decided to stop eatin' meat, that man put you right in front of the GOAT.". Here this guy go (Geico), "Mook ain't got bars, he just be talkin', he borin'.". I'm ensurin' (insuring) that's one of your quotes. Well if Progressive punchlines whatchu want, fine. But you better hold that same fuckin' policy for your rhymes. I'm 'bout to have each and everyone behind you mournin' (morning), sunshine. The stream ran I'm a heavy fav'. So much damn (dam) damage the levees break. Me, I championed every weight. Light weight to heavy weight. Every class that was dealt, blood let's demonstrate. Pussy I got it locked and I ain't never introducin' Chaz to these (chastity) belts. This a case of mistaken identity, ARP givin' me the wrong person. For him remember, these jail bars wasn't meant for. So in a sense (innocence) it'll be, now you can't bail 'cause you don't know the shit you in for. This your day to loss (data loss), backup everything like when you send off your phone the Sprint store. 'Cause if boy can't walkie what he talkie. Well that's the kinda shit I give you 10 for (10-4). *ch-ch* "Man down". It was Math Hoffa who wanted this fuckin' loss. But me and Math campaign (cam' pain) don't add up for promo. I don't care what it cost. Now here's news for you Verb. If I'm puzzled by your words, then the lead put you right in the box. Straight up and down, I ain't the one to cross. This .40 kick back hard as a fuckin' horse. Push ya shit back like, "Huh, I think this one is yours.". Or I lift a rusty brown .44. {Aye Verb finally has enough of Mook poking and pushing him and a fight breaks out}. . Push ya shit back like, "Huh, I think this one is yours.". Or I lift a rusty brown .44. Empty three (MP3), Verb see these (CD's) ain't around no more. I planned your Geronimo a long time ago. Clumsy nigga, fell for it though. The ho thought he caught the drop. But the grip is like a whip without standin' tickets, I keep it on the lot (on a lot). Picture me debatin' with the haters about the greatest names is, "What four?". What for? When the last time you saw a picture of God carved on Mt. Rushmore?. Huh, huh, huh, uh? Mr. Important Number, you recall. How I did the Jewish boy. When Mook awarded […] that shit was Biblical. Now he worshipin' me with his gefilte fish. Man listen, I'm 'bout to be a bad magician. God will reveal His tricks, I been had it figured. Say it if y'all know it, so itttt's… (SHOWTIME!). No slime, that's a gimmick. Y'all wan know why him decided to put Showtime inside him rhymin', right?. Think about it, Frankensteinin', he was realizin' he was dyin'. And he needed a trick tryin' to bring him back to life. But that's magic, right?. But now you're cadaver bruh ('cadabra). That's your [?] all the theatrics in ya rappin'. Camera trickin' like you snappin'. Take two of ya hot bars, we give 'em direct action. You start overreactin', this is a fact. He even try to reel it in to persuade them to tell you to bring it back. It was hot, but wasn't slick enough to go over nobody head, Permy relax. Ay look, I don't know about the people. But here's why I don't believe you. 'Cause how you Vegan, but in ya Showtiming you talkin' 'bout you 'bout to let the beef brew?. And in the ring you one of a kind Verb, nobody hot as you. Wait so you a custom model (Cus D'Amato). Good, I'm Iron Mikes, I got a box for you. You got a lot of niggas sayin' I ain't got enough to rock witchu. Well you gon' die a critic with them lyin' right on top of you. Ay, diacritic letters got a line right on top of 'U'. My last three, John Cruise through 11 and 0. Beat me? Mission Impossible. Keep it tall, you just lookin' to get a round (around). But I'm too steep of an obstacle. Y'all think I took Buddy outta Love?. Murphy's Law, you wasn't thinkin' logical. Son, I only took you for this check, I adopted you. I'm raw, y'all lookin' at it backwards. You want the battle, I want the war, it's different rational. Like now we see Captain Marketable to private. So my arm forced to add morale. We different to the core (corp) in general, I got nothin' to prove. I black my ops, you Navy Seal, you just come from the blue. I changed the playin' fields, I rank way above all you dudes. Think chlorine, if you want this war to (water) change just be number one in the pool. Verb you a stupid fuck. When I gotta take niggas to school it's bad news. 'Cause I be tearin' all the pupils up. Verb, you know when you hear bad news it be tearin' all them pupils–. Look, Mook a superhero, stage rip. Mention me and beef, the stakes (steaks) lift. If battle rap dyin', I let this cape flip and save shit. Lift the whole culture, make the climate on the plain shift. So fuck bein' grateful, I'm the nigga you need to thank bitch. Easy!. You might also like[Round 1: Aye Verb]. What can I say to the great Murda Mook?. Nothin'. 'Cause he's the reason we here. Whoever your favorite battle rapper is…. He's the reason that we picked this career. He's the reason that battle rap used to have that chill back then. But he's also the reason that battle rap is gettin' held back still. Before I do this, I challenge you to this throne, young prince T'Challa. Nigga FUCK yo legacy. Nigga FUCK yo honor. Nigga FUCK yo god stuff. Let's see how tough y'all Black Panther is once he get stripped of his powers. Nigga meet yo Killmonger. I have no fear of ya. All the blood I shed in my career was for this moment. I'm a warrior, I pull up in my opponent's city solo. With hot iron loaded and I go drill somethin'. We ain't the same, look at yo battles. You stayed in yo region and had Hot, Iron, Loaded and never killed nothin'. But they say this a big rich town, KATAP!. Target practice at y'all James St. Patrick who not active. And still gettin' praise from all his past shit. Follow me y'all. On Power, that bitch Angela symbolizes the industry. She tries to tell him, "Turn your back on them Ghost.". She want you to leave this shit alone and sell an image of hope. But I'm his brother Tommy. I'm tryin' to tell him, "Nigga we don't fit in wit' them folks.". Wake up Mook, we battle rappers. Every line we sell dope, in our raps we shell folks. While you at the party witcha wrist froze. With Busta Rhymes and the Flipmode. We out here goin' to war, twin .45's: Donovan Mitchells. Takin' rounds from each other that feel like blows from the Klitschkos. While you drink Dom as you sip Mo'. We out here puttin' in work lettin' clips blow. I done shot my own brothers. Point blank range and watched they shit 'splode. While you cross the street, scared to squeeze and shakin' in this pose. You not one of us. Who you bring on your podcast? NOT ONE OF US. Who you refer when Dame Dash made a film? NOT ONE OF US. You the godfather of this shit. This how you gon' do yo' children?. Nigga you built this buildin'. The roof collapse, you just moved and said "Fuck the new tenants.". For the approval of these stars?. Aww dummy, you just that lil' nigga wit bars. Open ya eyes Mook, let me paint this picture of who you are. See you're just a python. And when it's time to throw a mouse in yo face. These industry niggas crowd around your cage wit they pretty gold chains. They watch you eat the mouse, then they clap so amazed. And then they go back to they rich lives. And leave yo silly ass trapped in that cage. Nigga you want acceptance. We bang our shit, nigga we set trip. You selfish. You want us to stay at the bottom like all the shellfish. Yeah you sell tix to come see you rap. But we don't care inside. When you're back we can't stand up for you, the culture paralyzed. You cripled 'em. You tell 'em one number and then you triple them. Death comes in threes, this yo 3rd match, swing on that pendulum. This that old Verb, who tactical and masterful and magical. Time to take this shit back, let's get retractable. I didn't have the drive for this shit but you changed my spark plugs. I'm a rider, I took out animals. Me and them St. Louis niggas, we took the boat Noah's Ark. And turned that bitch to a car club. You delusional, if this was the School of Heart, at graduation when Mook walk, only the flutes would blow. For Verb this gon' get musical. I'ma make this execution beautiful. This is history, you gon' be the first nigga that crack you and do it smooth, you know. But you the first man alive who sold tickets to his own funeral. What's up patna?. Time we peel the layers back like when you burn the toast. Gloves on wit the mask, let's get surgical. Shoulder strap over the arm, how man purses go. Shell project horizontal and send 'em vertical. In the ring wit Verb it's gon' be lines (lions) everywhere. You better learn the ropes. Fuck tryin' to pen wit me, bitch nigga, you better learn the joke. I gave you this home game to exchange verses bro. 'Cause if I killed you outta town it's all business. But if you smoke a nigga in his house that shit is personal. Ay, he tried to tell me I'm in some shit like I'm scared. See what he tried to do was stop my mind from movin'. But I'm wit the shit so being in some shit means nothin'. My nigga I been in every kind of sewer. And I learned to love it and became a connoisseur. To St. Louis I'm Obama to 'em. I terminate the Terminators, I'm John Connor to him. Razor blade all in his face, I'll put a comma through him. He don't want this smoke, this shit embalmin' fluid. When I rap I get comets movin'. When you rap niggas get bored (board), how Dennis Rodman do it. I can turn him up or do it calm and suit ya. How you want it? Either way you are fucked. These rounds tonight like Kama Sutra. No fuckin' around before this fight, like how the boxers do it. Y'all Zab Judah, watch how I Kosta Tszyu him. Bring the cocky out him, get his posture ruined. Floyd/Pacquiao take punches, how can I not go through him?. Give a nigga a shot he'll put a hot one through ya. Fuck ya, I ain't star-struck, pussy. Let these new niggas pay homage to you. It's time to eat I'ma go noodles like a college student. Your streak I'ma end dat (in debt) like a college student. For the record I'm layin' the beat down, but I'm not producin'. You ain't wit the toxic, stop it Mooky. It's monsters where I'm from, I live through. Yo mama wouldn't even let you watch this movie. A lot to do wit drums movin', snares poppin' like rock acoustics. This Dr. Seuss shit vers' the Constitution?. Man, I ain't here to praise him tonight, now ask me why. (Why?!). 'Cause don't god gotta be good to you first before you hallelujah?. That's how I'ma do ya. [Round 2: Murda Mook]. Ay, Smack called me, I was gettin' some head. He said, "I want you to battle Surf, Mook. But I ain't got all the bread.". But it's an opportunity bro, these Summer Madnesses. But I ain't got all your cabbage.". *Click* I don't wanna hear that shit. With you we laughin' king, a sigh of (sire) joke nigga. So I address the court jester. Let him know I bet you next few lectures. You gon' fumble or you gon' choke nigga. You rap like you inebriated, here's why I know (wino) nigga. Verb, what's up wit all the slurs and the mumblin'. Tr-tryin' to get out bars, you stumblin'. What was the purpose (porpoise) of a Flubberfin?. Ay, Ay (AA) punk don't tell me you gettin' drunk again. Well you standin' up against shots that ain't got no names. That's the first step that I'll admit. And trust me Chaz, I can haul it (alcoholic). Hope you don't think a nine'll miss (anonymous). Ay, how it feel bein' the designated guy to whip?. Ya peeps grievin', see you sleepin' in pee, stinkin' while you sip. Oh you some kinda friend, you got me fucked up. Don't wanna question my drive and test my lines. Like if I point nine (.09) I ain't blowin' it. That's a breath of lies (breathalyz-er). Ay, this different here man. We wake up wit headaches when you rhyme. Rubbin' our temples wanna forget you. 'Cause you bottom-shelf and all ya boo's (booze) is 100% proof. Ay this steel (distill) is what you call a licker (liquor). I thought shorty knew, you get a Glock 19, 40 too (1942). Watch how you talk to killers (Tequilas). They whine (wine) and bitter, battle nigga tender. Can't bare (beer) admittin' that I'm more G. Defend a bender (fender bender). Bar hop and mention these rounds on me, that's whiskey business. How your dumb ass fought me for gettin' you off the concrete?. See I meant (cement) to put you six feet in it. He on Twitter dissin' Omar Epps all night, you brawl light. Just 'cause he root for me. You shouldn't put ya racks up if ya bra tight. But unlike you that kid a computer whiz, he the smart type. 'Cause he learned his lesson. You a fool thinkin' he gonna go against God twice. Oh Verb nigga, I heard nigga that you a herb nigga. Bird nigga, pick up the burner, bullets burn niggas. Heard niggas submerge in him, then they turn in him. Curve in him, stuck in his sternum, they stern in him. Surgeon and all of his nurses they concerned for him. Murmurin', "No savin' Verb," now they confirmin' him. Comatose, ay I got ya daughter home alone. She real spazzin' and I'm laughin'. 'Cause she askin', "Where my daddy? Why he can't return?". I told that little bastard, the ER is where you are (UR). Well let me give it to y'all St. Louis accent. I bet you wishin' you was h(ER)e with h(UR)r. I see the broke spirit in your mirror Verb. Seven years of worst, straight up bad luck. We saw Rex break his ass up. Shine zipped the bag up. Half A Gallon took all the ounces out ya tank to gas up. You got worked by a dirt Smurf named Twork. Off his name alone you shoulda known you supposed to shake his ass up. Man, did you really believe that they believed you was gonna succeed as the winner?. You think this league'll (legal) aid you wit gettin' Murda?. You buggin' nigga, you a public defender. I saw the pretender addin' a buncha them niggas under his Twitter. Tryin' to superhero to form against me like the fuckin' Avengers. I'm the real, they knows (Thanos) and I'm stone cold. And gon' let (gauntlet) reality be my decision to shape. And I ride despite a man (Spider-Man) died. 'Cause this appear (disappear) that you dissin' a great (disintegrate). Verb, you know when you disappear you disintegrate. Ay, I passed ARP, he one I blame too. Take this L, Jackson, you ain't a Marvel captain. To be honest, we still tryna figure out why he paid/paged you. Even on a break too. I hit a clear lane to the bucket, man it's disgustin'. It's like I mistimed my jumpin'. How I'm spazzin' on Mr. Duncan (dunkin'). He in his interview soundin' grumpy. "Why Mook want all this money?". Is you serious? Well since you curious. It's 'cause I'm like a lower case 'i', top of the fuckin' line, period. That's why my capital type major. Look at the keyboard, watch. You see the power is at the top, I makes a lot (salat). This Llama lake him (assalamualaikum). Why would I lie (Allah)?. I'm sorta cocky 'cause my aura got me (origami) foldin' a lot of paper. I divide ya sweetie pie. She said her's the number that I should favor. But I said nah, 'cause bottom line, we ain't have nothin' in common to nominate her (denominator). So fuck it I gotta–, nah, I'm not a hater. Plus I heard she a hard sucker. So muhfucka I save her for Now & Later. I came back a hour later. On wool sheets I put his baby to sleep (sheep), you know Murda. She whispered in her ear "the greatest". And the GOAT heard her (herder). She told that nigga bye (baaah). Put V to the side, but you already know that. 'Cause I'm greater than. So she figured the GOAT is who she need to go at. Man, split it down the middle, that's a riddle. While you unfold that, I unload a whole MAC in ya gold caps. Player, I'm the coach, I help to press (depress). If anyone of the pro's act (Prozac). Yeah I'm feelin' myself like I don't know where my phone at. The waist where the chrome at. BAOW where ya dome at. You wanna smell a body? I think I can loan (cologne) that. You said New York niggas bias—you see now liar?. They want you to win, it's just you can't slip that bullshit by us. Our heart authentic, we don't rent it. Don't you even try to lend (Len) Bias. NY ain't ya habitat, everybody know that's a fact. Open ya phone, even Siri will (cereal) tell you. You ain't a nigga that the Apple Jack. Mook a superhero stage rip. Mention me and beef, the stakes (steaks) lift. If battle rap dyin', I let this cape flip, save shit. Lift the whole culture, make the climate on the plain shift. So fuck bein' grateful, I'm the nigga you need to thank bitch. Easy!. . [Round 2: Aye Verb]. When you battled Lux, you beat Lux, straight up, no shade wit it. It's all fair when it's war. The way you won just wasn't quite my style, you played different. You took Lux secret diss record to Bus' and got it played nigga?. Oh, where I'm from that's called straight snitchin. It's ironic you the first good schoolboy I've met without great principle. I'm from the hood, I guess I'm raised different. Example: I got enemies that I know for a fact shot at niggas I slapped fives wit, but I take it to the grave wit me. Dot Mobb, how y'all develop a squadron. Wit a leader who got gelatin in his posture?. The number one rule of war is keep it silent. No snitchin', no women or children, if it's problems?. Only a coward believes any and every element is an option. Nigga save that bang bang shit, nigga we know player. Dot Mobb, you fuck wit us, yeah we locate 'em. I love my niggas-. (Look at him, he emotional!). I love my niggas so them not favors. Shoot one of mine I shoot back, give 'em a bag and relocate 'em. You the rookie, you don't see no stages. You just Markelle Fultz but on the flo' nigga he's no Tatum. Are y'all kiddin' me holmes?. Do y'all listen to the lyrics of what this nigga be on?. I motivate the block, rocks in yo hand, young nigga get on. When he talks rock in yo hand it's silly shit like Infinity Stones. Gun down our president, I'ma be known. Like the nigga that got Kennedy gone. I'm good, money, the city's capitol, Italy, Rome. In the room it may feel like you winnin', bitch listen. On cam, my opponents don't even know that they dead. I Sixth Sense 'em. I'm conscious, but I go back and forth, I'm switch flippin'. Behind mine, yo words don't even sound the same, ya pitch shiftin'. Fuck this, unlimited rounds, they DID book me for a long time. Fuck a preview, let's let that beef brew, in 3D too. (So it's Showtime!). I told my bitch we ain't celebratin' shit, we go mama. Itinerary, kill him we skatin', we roll bouncin'. Hollow-points all in the .40 look like I load mountains. Y'all best pound for pound 'bout to get drug. And broken down into whole ounces. You an old vulture in a roll-out chair. An old voucher and that boy Mook a whole ho outchea. Yo, you ride for the minds of these niggas that play with Legos. I'm crazy wit it, I'll stick a fork in ya noodle. Twist it, pull it back and then lick the Prego. Straps I stay wit one, Mook, a nigga faithful. Don't judge me, I come from hammers bangin'. And white folks yellin' "Case closed!". I'll get yo bitch snatched, not where her waist go. Pesos, wanna get the bitch back? Then bring a case load. A body bag is what you prayin' fo'. But a dog fight is what I'm paid fo'. When it's war I don't play bro. I'm up early throwin' rounds in that toaster: Leggo my Eggo. Yo rhyme faces don't match yo vibrations. When it's over you gon' be sour, don't cry baby. With great power comes responsibility. In yo tainted mind, the odds of killin' me. Was equal to the arms of centipedes. But I'm too cold, you can't see me like the winter's leaves. Thank me later, 'cause you losin' if you don't lose. And check the files, every winner bleeds. After tonight the biggest three. Gon' be me first, Lux here and since I'm bein' beatin' you. You gon' have to get in the middle of us, you must intervene. Nigga I will cave yo chest in. Slap box wit all your inner beings. You prolly rolled here in a limousine. Which is more than form fittin' for kings. Each time they get they wings. Nah, you ain't a king nigga, you's a pawn. And in real life nigga you's a corn. You try to say you different. And all the rest of us niggas is all in uniform. That's why I'ma put one in yo head since you the unicorn. I asked some street niggas 'bout John. They like, "Who is the dude?". You an actor, nobody remember you young like John Witherspoon. That's pops nigga. Top splittin', slot switchin' like I'm not spittin'. Fix yo face or get botched nigga. No, you are not one of the Wolves, you're not Wiggins. Sorry, gotta get rid of you son like Doc Rivers. How you not get it? I may win, I might lose. But when I fall I give the fans the feelin' of when Mike lose. I been past my test nigga, this night school. Nigga ya pen high school. You come back to the game wit the same moves every time like you Ken/Ryu. You a lil Loc wit this killin' Murda, you got Lorenz IQ. And I'm a Menace, I don't blend like you. Nigga I ride through Harlem on four [?]. Hangin' out the window wit a fully auto. All the bullies that I know they got spin cycle. Yo bitch nothin', only bitches who nothin' attract men like you. My dick get hard, I extend rifles. Boy I make yo' Bigfoot bitch blow me until her windpipe loose. . {Crowd starts booing and loosing their shit}. Here come the hate. Here come the hate. It's NOTHING. Easy work. Here come the hate. Say no more. I love it. I love it. . Now who believes hustle stories from y'all? Like y'all bleeders. If you catch runnin' spots, nigga we all cheaters (cheetahs). Cannons, light up you and yo girl, we called Cheaters. I ain't here to play witchu dawg, this y'all recess. In this battle realm I'm looked upon as a reject. You know why? 'Cause I'm the only nigga sellin' heroin on this weed set. Breathe on 'em, why exhale?. I'm talkin' bars in a big boy fashion. I'm talkin' Big T in a five XL, wide as hell. You ain't known for rhymin' well. So when you be okay you like a dirty nigga in a fresh tee and some Jordans, Mook, you look fly as hell. . [Round 3: Murda Mook]. Now before we begin (vegan). I'ma need them to get deep into this. 'Cause y'all got me battlin' a nigga that don't even exist. You picked the name 'Verb'. The definition of that word mean action. But if action causes reaction you abstract, let's speak facts then. Pay attention to me captain. Listen to what I'm tellin' you. If your existence predicates off decisions you hypothetical. If I'm gettin' too much ahead of you. Well let me try helpin' you and gettin' it clear. The stage: matter, we can touch it, we can feel it, it's here. Now, I can run on it, jump on it, whatever one I wanna display. But until I decide what action I wanna take. A verb can never come into play. See this how I'm gonna renown (re-noun). 'Cause these rounds these crowds graspin'. But see, nouns we need Verb to add description to shit that's happenin', that's why I need you Verb. Because you help me manifest a lesson I wanna fulfill. That the only reason you existin'. Is because you position next to somethin' that's real. Do you feel? I'm on ya heels. This marble floor is versatile (vs a towel). I shine off a pile of shit, different that I do. Sprints from flicks I get reviewed, businesses I get renewed. Parquet or park floor, I ain't picky when I choose. Fuck where the Surf is, if the turf switch. Then I guess Mike'll be skippin' to the Lou'. (JayBlac you better listen now!). Ay, Mook, why you by yourself in the Wraith for? (Rafer). Oh this an empty V (MTV) 'cause I'm Conceited now. Plus y'all know I'm used to whippin' Lux-ury. Why y'all got me pushin' this bum-ass V around?. Of course, you my brother. I tried to open these doors for Surf. Who the fuck told you you could ride?. Now it was in vain (vein) takin' that risk (wrist) pushin' Tsu aside (suicide). Oh, and I hope you ain't think that you could hide. If you don't think that your parents let us know. Who are you inside, bruh you a lie. Like this created playa haircut and this beige thing on ya beard son. That just tell us all you do is dye (die). . {crowd starts booing}. . Why you always callin' niggas "ugly"?. You don't think that's weird son?. You even called me ugly, well I can be all that and some. But then here come my question, and I think it's a pretty fair one. If you think niggas is ugly. Well why don't you tell us what niggas you think is handsome?. Ay Verb, ay look, and in ya parking lot sprint-cident (sprint incident), I tried to get you against all of my man's son. I said, "It's so hot up here son." I mean yeah son. They caught the kid nappin', but if you look close. You see he tryin' to get money, that's why he ran some (ransom). Chaz a bitch, tee-off on him like I had a lisp. Sound of a Tech-9, feel like Easter, I'm about to have a fit. You try to spin, get ya back caught. That's the way the god play. All I do is amaze (a maze) you gotta find out the hard way. Daylyt gave me a call say, "Son (sun) this nigga 24 hours straight.". I couldn't even take the shine for it, 'cause that was all Day. Wait, don't we got unlimited time for it? Oh we got all day. Ay, I'ma bang 'til this clip drop. This body a quick fix, you a pit stop. The way I'm snappin' on you, prolly got you in shock. I'm Bill Collector wit the fifth cocked. I'm 'bout to Showout wit a big knot. Strip you out ya socks, make you kick rocks in flip flops. Two bricks out the nick, five hours, six tops. I took trips with no stashes and the whip hot. You ever seen cops and almost had some shit dropped?. I took risks to let the bricks clot. I had six under me, twelve all on top of me, no tick tocks. Look, you need to blame ARP, he the one who did this to you. So we don't gotta discuss then (disgustin'). Why you was this pick-able (despicable). Same nigga who said the white man trickin' you. Then with the dude, KOD just typical. I think we beyond sayin' (Beyonce) this nigga's a jiggaboo (Jigga boo). Well I'm Hov in the elevator, I'm calm when shit gettin' tricky. I don't respond when little sissies try and kick it wit me. Wicky wicky, back when Smack recordin' was important. Missouri was sorta slow. Thought I could set (cassette) the table for him. But rewind, realize that time I was too fast for it (forward). Pause it, aw shit, niggas you millennial. Picture you gettin' rid of Mook. You digital, my real (reel) is old school original. I ain't need the tool, I made the streets move. I had the people eager to see Mook. Make a scene, that was pre views. Fuck all the battle rappers who came to see me lose. Suck my dick, I hope all y'all kids die in preschool. Oh and you think I ain't peep you. All your rants that you ain't verified on Instagram. Listen man, give that shit up. They prolly e-mailed you and said, "We'll give you a check…. Right after you get it from Lux.". I know you saw him as an influence, but now turnin' vegan. Preachin' about all the wrongs men doin'. It ain't no accident, you wanted y'all collision that bad you turned into him. Ay, he gave you credit on the card when he rhyme. You asked to battle, he declined. But he already gave you rounds when he curved you three times. But speakin' on that night Verby. When I started his career, let's tell it right Verby. I knew you from nobody (no body). And went out on a limb and saved you from arms and feet. Shoulda let you get tore so (torso) we coulda seen Vegan Verb vegetable since you are what you eat. But my smarts they elite, listen hard it get deep. Let me soul a (solar) system, this is when you and I verses (universes) meet, a solid G (astrology). Would I be goin' too far if I said you are only a star 'cause of me?. Alright, when my consolation (constellation). Be the battle that let us all know who you are with SB. Son of a bitch that was me!. But see males and females. I was pushin' through my own agenda (gender). Bitch nigga, the whole St. Louis owe a nigga. He don't think so, here go the picture. He was the first nigga from over there to come over here to battle rap. If you woulda got crippled like Hurricane. And they woulda got wind of that attack. We woulda torn they doe (tornado) up. Stormed out of New York, wouldn't have came back after that. That's a fact, imagine that. No rabbit hat, woulda never seen a Magic act. And Yung Ill catchphrase woulda never had that impact. He woulda hit Beasley to come through as a spitta. And "Who is this nigga?". That woulda been the question he got back from Smack. Nick Cannon wouldn't know who Hitman is. And we woulda been hearin' 'bout who Hitman's hitman is. So yeah, take it personal. But if it wasn't for Murda Mook, Lux curvin' you. Woulda been the last time niggas heard the Lou'. But remember, we all remember that line. "Making his guardian angel duck". Well I got my own guardian angel. And he told me yours ain't like that part you was sayin' too tough. That's why he not here to save you bruh. 'Cause your guardian next to my guardian. Party Arty and they partyin' hard. Hardy hardyin' is watchin' me straighten you up. Ay, Verb, your bars is wack and ya lingo. I'll throw a hand grenade through ya baby window. Kill ya extended family with the same extendo. Small carrier in the pocket: that's a plane memento. But the Midwest movement, y'all was percolatin'. The ground workin' person put round on that circuit. Y'all was circulatin'. You Holla, Ill, RemyD, shit y'all birthed the nation. If you hollered ill (Holla, Ill). Then RemyD (remedy) would be the first to aid him. But RemyD got Ill, tried to Holla at Verb to save him. Verb hollered "Eww, nah RemyD, let the nurses take him.". Then Ill needed remedy, needed–. But the Midwest movement, y'all was percolatin'. The ground workin' person put round on that circuit. Y'all was circulatin'. You Holla, Ill, RemyD, shit y'all birthed the nation. If you hollered ill then RemyD would be the first to aid him. But Remedy got ill, tried to holla at Verb to save him. Verb hollered "Eww, not RemyD, let the nurses take him.". Then Ill needed remedy, needed Holla and Verb replace him. They had an ill remedy for that: Holla and Verb replaced him. Now it's just Holla and Verb, prolly heard niggas, heard the hatin'. Still it's just absurd with the Holla and Verb debatin'. Turn the pages, now observe Holla and Verb on stages. Hollerin' verbs and phrases, a lot of disturbin' statements. On why they deserve the greatness. We ain't tear the Midwest down. Y'all know who the ones to blame is?. All y'all gotta do when y'all around, look in each other faces!. But speakin' of faces, you put a blindfold on yours against X Factor. What the fuck? Was that a phase?. You makin' up new card games?. Blindfoldin', wait, you combine poker wit playin' spades?. Bet, so when my man go to raise, you gon' hit the deck after. And he gon' leave you blind and folded on the stage. 'Cause he my X Factor. You talk foul on these lines 'til the ref at ya. And if you try to argue the call, you gon' get a TEC (tech) after. But let's back up, 'cause if we speakin' of poker. I think with our careers, that's the game it relate to. Like to acknowledge the fact that I seen you I had to raise you. Let's put it on the table. I knew I had the winnin' hand before ARP revealed the card. I can say that wit a straight face too. Oh you straight boo, means a full house will call ya bluff. The king back shittin' on niggas: that's a royal flush. You wanna know how I do pussy niggas that be talkin' rough?. It ain't a tough call, I just smack the dog shit out. In front of niggas that call you tough. Or shatter your jaw up, put you in the surgery. 'Cause I heard if it's glass you supposed to break in case of emergency. I can't believe they got me battlin this cornball. I'll put bread on this beef and get it handled with a stick, that's a corndog. Yo, you owe me money Verby, I ain't allowin' no debts to fester. Peel down ya neck, the best suppressers, oppress the pressure. The length of the shit I'm with (width) will prolly seem extra extra. It's tailor suited for a body. It's an addresser (a dresser) for desperate measures. Get him hemmed, license to kill, somethin' bright on the steel. You drive outta NY? You know a red light in ya grill. Me? You put me right in ya wheel (will). Ain't no strong armed robbery. Wherever I go the can go (Kangol), no hands though. I draws on niggas when I command doe (commando). And ya .50 too weak (52 week), did I bring another? Yeah, so?. You won't turn up for (four) months. .40 cal in the (calendar) waist and it's cocked. Make sure you see the rest of ya days in a box. My prior ties taught me value, importance. So wit this I can't afford to miss. That's what a point meant (appointment). Total Slaughter, who remember Total Slaughter?. The live wire walked in, they was all shocked. I said, "Rex pick Cortez for the bed," but he really wanted your spot. No question, I will protest it if you thought not. 'Cause Chaz, you was a pick it (picket) away from sleepin' on that boy cot (boycott). To the cameramen, you was main course, ok. A order (aorta) was the best, but give that card he at (cardiac) a rest (arrest) 'cause on set ya heart stopped. This remind me of me and Yung Hot, fans need this debated. 'Cause y'all know if y'all make this debatable. There's less chance for me to go on a hiatus. And I do think I'm the greatest, I believe in the hype. But this time I'm A.I., I'ma be easy with Mike. Example, remember game one of his final against the Lakers?. When he hit the shot in niggas faces and he silenced all the haters?. Off of that one move me and A.I. became one and the same. Y'all know why? (Why?). 'Cause we both steppin' over the fuckin' Lou', still won that game. You hear what I'm sayin'?. . {Debate breaks out about Mook touching Verb and Verb touching Mook during the battle}. . Look at him emotional. Look at him emotional! Look at him emotional!. Now I'm gonna make it for him Jay. . If you live in a glass house you shouldn't throw stones slime. You judgin' others but you livin' wit faults the whole time. Well my house paid off, I don't owe near no dime. Which means I don't rent my floors (flaws), nigga I own mine. Let's take your laundry and throw it on the clothes line. We thought it was you but it was your lesbian mother this whole time. Aye Verb you the son of a bitch. Who switched to become the son of a bitch. Just so she could spite ya father for havin' another son from a bitch. She said, "You know what? I'ma fix this son of a bitch. I'ma emasculate his ass and turn his son to a bitch.". Think about it, every trait you got come from a bitch. You get ya eyebrows plucked and done, that come from a bitch. You had a perm, now you got long hair, that come from a bitch. You argue wit bitches and then refer to them as a bitch. But see here's some shit you ain't consider. What if I was to tell you your mother was who orchestrated ya rapin' from your babysitter?. Now before y'all think I'm crazy, hear me on this theory. You know every since we small every one of our thoughts that's all from family. So of course a whore suckin' you off was sorta scary. 'Cause you was brought up taught broad on broad was ordinary. From that experience she started shapin' you. Your resentment for women, it turn to hate from you. By the time you knew the difference it was too late for you. A pretty girl wave at you, you want her brother on the date witchu. A teenager who stay confused. Why the wrong gender he relatin' to. Of course you gon' say you ain't gay, and we mistakin' you. But it ain't what you say that give you away, your behavior do. Example: you always broadcastin' the pussy you got that way for you. But a nigga who get ass don't brag, that's just another day for you. Your next defense is your ten kids, by six different ladies too. "If I'm gay how you explain that Mook?". Here's what I'ma say to you. All your overcompensatin', defendin' accusations that you say ain't true. That's exactly what somebody tryin' to hide the fact that they gay will do. Why don't you own it if it's you?. Come to terms if it's ya truth?. But the paradox is, how is it Murda Mook up here that's murdin' a mook?. And I knew they was gonna talk about-. He gon' get up here and talk about why he a vegan. Well here's somethin' that's about to shock. 'Cause I'm not 'bout to get up here and talk about why he a vegan. I'm 'bout to tell y'all niggas why he not. Time to put Jack in the Box. And that leads to me releasin' the true reason he turned vegan. 'Cause for a nigga always up to somethin' schemin'. All of a sudden he a vegan?. He don't eat nothin' from the seeding?. No baked chicken on Thanksgiving?. We know tofu ain't turkey no matter how much it's buttered up with seasonin'. I think you tryin' to cover up a secret. It's cause of his mother 'cause she vegan. She a dyke, right? Right!. She gave up on all the meat then he gave up on all the meat then. Yo, let's jump into the deep end. She couldn't cut it with the beef and horn and he took after the bull dagger. She start carpet munchin'. But all her matadorin' shoulda brought the red flag up. Matter of fact, backup. Do you even really know the meaning of being vegan?. That shit is a religion you believe in. It ain't just 'bout the shit you eatin'. You know y'all sentient beings. That make sure to keep everything livin' breathin'. So the question proceedin'. Is, how you up here talkin' 'bout killin' me then?. How you on Instagram cheesin' and mink-ing in leather sneakers?. Wait? Don't leather come from cows?. Mooo! Somebody ain't practicin' what they preachin'. Listen, I hate when niggas fake turn new leafs and wanna give us speeches. Wanna give us all the reasons we gotta believe in. All the shit that they believe in. The government is intervenin', y'all chicken lovin' niggas tweekin'. I got my stomach geekin'. Yeah, 'cause you regurgitatin' another nigga thinkin'. Did you know it's illegal to crop grow you fuckin' genius?. Did you notice one of the last tomatoes you opened it was seedless?. How you think by turnin' vegan you cheated all of the diseases. When the shit from animals they shoot grow all the shit you eatin'. Manure and the earth collide, pesticides on ya foliage. But I'm guessin' you prefer the lies (fertilize). 'Cause they been feedin' you that horseshit. Ay, Verb, I met my wife, her daughter was eight months. Father got killed before he saw his child once. I came into her life before the child could think before she had a speech, before she was on her feet. So by the time she developed vocab to speak. Of course the word "Daddy" was me. She 12 years old and we ain't got the same bloodline. But I don't give a fuck what you or nobody say, she mine (mind). But you ain't got custody of none of your kids. When you call, they call you mister. Some of your daughter/brothers don't even know that they got sisters. Those who you need to show time (Showtime) in 3D. Do I gotta be the one to mention (one dimension)?. They showin' poor traits (portraits) and lack of depth. From not seein' father (farther) in the picture. But nigga I'm convinced. That you ignorant as ignorant can get. But she's so ignorant to notice that he ignorant as shit. But hints, his album name, that was givin' us the hints. I'ma let y'all finish up this shit. What's the title? Ignorance Is… (Bliss!). Exactly, Mook a superhero, stage rip. Mention me in beef the stakes (steaks) lift. If battle rap dyin' I'll let the cape flip and save shit. Lift the whole culture, make the climate on the plain shift. So fuck bein' grateful, I'm the nigga y'all need to thank, bitch!. EASY!. . [Round 3: Aye Verb]. Everybody seem to be worried about this unlimited round. Like he was just gon' dig a hole. And I was just gon' get in the ground. All the work that I put in and all the kings that I put down. And I wasn't gon' be wit it, are y'all kiddin' me? Wow. Well anyway, whatever position y'all had me in. I'ma sit comfortably now. Greatest in battle rap, you motherfuckers got company now. Y'all remember Kobe Bryant last game when he retired his crown?. The emotion, the screams and cries from the crowd?. Well I'm like him, I average 25 for my career. That's how a real killer get down. And this nigga want claps for six games with a ton of rebounds. Be patient wit me guys, I'm not gon' run through this round. Pay attention as I humble him down. Let's get it rockin', see me and Mook. It's like Rocky and Apollo minus the arguin'. He the champ, so they hired a dog to come and spar wit him. Aye, you took too many hard blows tonight champ. You need to learn to get lower become a smaller target. Overall, I'm disappointed. 'Cause you rappin' yo hardest and I'm still unbothered. Either I done been in too many wars. Or these legend niggas jaws gettin' softer. It's a rumor that Errol Spence put hands on Floyd. Well tonight I ruin a nigga and these cams on boy. You ain't gon' be a real champ until you go through somethin'. You ain't gon' get on stage every time and just go through somethin'. I taught you somethin', listen Mook. You dissin' me but I christened you. And enrolled you into the real champion institute. This class or rappers? Nobody wanna be doctors. Nigga we shooters, man ain't nobody gettin' pushed in no lockers. I was readin' yo transcripts and it said. "You got a problem with Math.". Well it's okay, just don't let it beat you over your head. We gon' focus instead on history. Previous war veterans, generals, I've contoured skeletons. You gotta die first to become a god, ask whoever been. Summer Madness 1, I seen the light first like Thomas Edison. I rose in height in every sense. And since that day I ain't been like you motherfuckers ever since. Wait, wait, wait, let me dumb this back down. I'm flyin' over y'all heads like it's a drone in DROM nigga. You ain't gettin' out these bars, ARP send deposits. He can't get no bonds lifted. You up here bein' entertainin'. You better rap before your crown gets snatched. Boy ain't nothin' funny. Where I'm from, we don't smile or [?]. From the fans' eyes you the hardest who did it. From our view we see barbecued chicken. Too many qualities missin', you lil' carrot cake. You can't dance on this big stage Mary J. After me you want Hollow, great. But how you gon' create rounds for Hollow after I put a Hollow in ya head and leave yo' head hollow with airing space?. BANG, let that marinate. Four minutes in, born militant, flow menacin'. You up here ministerin', the nerve of. A lot of you niggas like I didn't serve up. Ten years of killin', it's only right they gave me Murda. You just rhyme words, you have no purpose. Every second you stay number one nigga you hurt us. I was watchin' a Dame Dash interview. Thinkin' how not to be fooled. Over impressed like, this shit gotta be school. Then it hit me, 20 years of dude life, it took a lot to be Mook. So why you ain't teachin' us how not to be you?. We playin' game where there's a lot to be proved. Nigga you only roll the dice and cash out, you play Monopoly rules. Nigga you got to be moved. All them DVD's you was on you ain't get kitty litter. Smack did it to you, you let him do it to us. Nigga you's a bitch and a bitter nigga. Nigga you and Lux ain't fit to lead. Ho-ass niggas, y'all don't stand up for us. To get rained on by these different leagues. Y'all hit y'all knees and flip y'all weave. You know how many times I had to take chicken cheese 'cause I got kids to feed?. And I got a record, I can't be reckless out here flippin' P's. You too selfish, battle rap don't need a Mr. Me, it need a Mr. T. Nigga whatchu know about flyin' to New York solo. Takin' a judged battle, losin' yo bread. And on the way home you don't get to eat?. See I'm a different beast. You want this aura and mystique. Well I go to war, I'm punchline Pistol Pete. I see the game from a whole different seat. Think about it, you the reason we fail. Battle rap is like jail. And none of us got TV's in our cells. Because of you the labels don't think we can sell. Nobody fucks wit us, we grown men out here pleasin' ourselves. But anyway, this a celebration of our elevation. And the end of yo time, yo revelation. I'ma bring the black and white leagues together and end segregation. Dummy there's no money in separation. You gon' have to take my life from me, you ain't gon' take me alive. Because there's heart behind the wheel (will). Get in, let's go for a drive. Ch-ch, copy that, 10-4, nigga I don't have mentors. I stay grounded stayin' surrounded by men who still poor. Be careful who you sin for, you don't know what you in for. It's a difference between a nigga who got to and a nigga who will war. Off of the squad I'll nod witchu. And then stab you and pull you close. Like, "Come here nigga, let me bond witchu!". You big fish always wanna swim by y'all self. But it's the small fish swimmin' together what make the pond ripple. It's proven now, you ain't a shark, 'cause in front of sharks. You look like cod liver trapped in a pod wit us. Tonight we end this rivalry. Because it's proven y'all got the boo. And form comradery just to ride vers' me. After tonight don't lock eyes wit me. It's a wrap bitch, y'all jokes a bunch of MyVerse memes. No stipulations, y'all die vers' me. We ain't the same motherfucker. Two different levels, that's what diverse means. You thought this shit was sweet? I ain't delectable. Sparks out the cannon like a spark plug, let's make a spectacle. I'll put a hole in him, cup holder size exit wound. Then I'll stretch ya girl like Mrs. Incredible. Nigga this ain't a obstacle. Before you leagues pay for this nut, go pay a prostitute. Nigga I'll slide this blade on top of your ribs. And open yo chest like it's a fridge. Nigga what you got up in here?. Battle rap is like a movie, you wanna get you a start?. It's only two roles, it's either you kill or you don't. That's why killas kill, but we also get our wigs split in sections. You better be smart before you pick you apart (a part). Takin' yo spot from you, I'm like minutes away. Breakin' me down was yo M.O., OK—MOOK listen!. It's nothin' to break down from my position. 'Cause I'm straight forward. And all of these niggas lies ain't descriptive. Dig it, bein' real in a reel, sucka you walk a tight rope clown. Can't put my thumb on it, so I act dumb on it. While my rivals round I circle they block. Throw a drum on it and watch it spiral round. When I'm in town, you ain't pressin' anything. Nigga this ain't Mortal Kombat when your life goes down. I'ma make this nigga eyes close down. I'ma make it to where Murda Mook can never open up that iPhone now. Y'all thought the face-off was a fire round?. Why? 'Cause he was kinda loud? It's cool. 'Cause now I got one over the mouth—shhh, who quiet now?. Expected vegan bars? Yeah probly. You right, you are what you eat Murda. That's why now you just a seasoned dead body. . {Crowd starts chanting 3-0}. . You just the biggest brand, all the fashion. Example: Nelly follow you on Insta'. I bet that nigga won't follow you in that casket, ask him!. Where we from, those niggas be 'bout that static. A soft nigga to us will move on yo block and be like a savage. You can't debate wit great nigga, ya talk back wrong. See you was taught that wrong. I'ma show you how to be king, somebody call that phone. You 'posed to get off that throne. Wipe the blood off your arm and throw it all back on. Eight minute round from Verb, this get yo jaw cracked song. But I still feel wack, 'cause where I'm from. We 'bout what we say we 'bout, we don't talk this long. I'm gone1Embed