Khao. No justice, no peace in these streets. Can you hear the babies crying?. Politicians and crooked police. Worried about the mighty dollar. . [Chorus: J. Morris]. Instead of us, Instead of us, Instead of us. Got another shot fired. They scared of us, They scared of us, They scared of us. If we ever get united. [Post-Chorus: J. Morris, T.I.]. Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Ayo, chill. . [Verse 1: T.I.]. Remember late night in the dope hole. With a half bag and smoke pole. It’s a cold game. You admittedly gave cocaine. To the same people that you locked up. Gave a life sentence and did the whole thang. That what the plan was the whole time. Now I keep a nigga with some closed eyes. Celebrating your holidays. Pray to yo God 'cause you stole mine. Kill a nigga when they whistling at yo women. When you come and rape mines. Tearing down our heroes. You do the same thing, but you keep yours. Quick to hit a nigga with the RICO. See the bullshit through the peep hole (Bap). Hustle air to the death. Listen shorty, all we got is our G code. Better stand up or get rolled over. Hit the front line, let 'em go, solider (Bap). Huh, yo partner they some shooters, huh (Huh). All you niggas wanna kill something. Shoot at Chief Keef, shoot at 6ix9ine. But do a damn thing to George Zimmerman. Okay, and all these black women come up missing. Where da fuck is all the real nigga (Where). All you niggas shooting in the club. Get yo hard ass in the field, nigga. Okay, I’ll be damn if I won't bust mine. Risk my life, take my time. No, you niggas ain't revolution ready. Y’all ain’t even finna waste my time. You might also like[Chorus: J. Moriss]. They scared of us, They scared of us, They scared of us. Got another shot fired. They scared of us, They scared of us, They scared of us. If we ever get united. . [Post-Chorus: J. Morris, Khao]. Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Yuh, Khao. . [Verse 2: Khao]. Get the Illuminati. Call the White House to talk to somebody. About our forecast on life, no sunny days. Man, the vision's cloudy. No need to be alarmed, get rowdy. Call for back up, cops double up. Your project was to keep us in the hood. In other words, blinded, covered up. Not exposed to what we could have. Got me irate, man, and I hate. How the knowledge that we lack got us taken back. To a slave driven mind state. Willie Lynch, it’s encrypted from. The play book that it’s scripted from. Brother say he’ll die for a neighborhood that his momma just got evicted from. Another name that the cops slained. Better lay low when it’s close to dark. They bucked at me, threw the cuffs at me. Boycotted the bus like I was Rosa Parks. You say you wouldn’t join the military. But you trapping hard, so you might as well. Another agent for the government. When you're in the hood serving clientele. Think about it, we in the hood trapping and loving it. The same way a soldier representing the government. Soldiers supplied with their weapons and training. The same way we are with the drugs were slanging. Gotta wake up, its time,  people. Everybody get in line, people. The system played us and you can’t see it. Like I’m in a world full of blind people. [Chorus: J. Morris]. They scared of us, They scared of us, They scared of us. Got another shot fired. They scared of us, They scared of us, They scared of us. If we ever get united. . [Post-Chorus: J. Morris, Joyner Lucas]. Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Joyner, Joyner, yeah. . [Verse 3: Joyner Lucas]. I got into a lot of trouble back when I was 10. Back when I use to have a lot of friends (Yeah). Back when I ain’t have no common sense (Woo!). Back when I use to play Simon says. And never listen to a thing my Momma said (Joyner). With a thing for myself so I pretend. Do I wanna be rich, well it depends. I mean, I can be rich like Hov and Puff. I can be rich like Warren Buff (Yeah). Or I can flip bricks and all them drugs. But that’s more trouble for all of us (Yeah). Sometimes I be thinking hard to much. Like what if Triple X was hard to touch (Huh). What if Rosa never caught the bus (Huh). What if more parents was hard on us (Yeah). An' look, what if Kaepernick wasn’t all black (All black). What if Trayvon and Zimmerman never crossed paths. What if Malcolm ain’t have a dark past. What if (What if, huh). What if Sean Bell never got engaged. What if Donald Trump never got his way. What Dr. King ain’t have a lot to say. Make way for penalty (Yeah). AKA the killer me (Yeah). The KKK got denim sheets (Yeah). But niggas can’t even kneel in peace (Nah). Niggas can’t wait to get at me (Joyner). Police can’t wait to finish me. Throw dirt on my name and spit at me (Yeah). Then shoot me and say I’m finicky. I gotta pray for my enemies. . [Post-Chorus: J. Morris, Grey]. Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble). Trouble (Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble). Grey, ay. . [Verse 4: Grey]. They know what it is. They know we the truth. And when they seen pyramids, we were through. They drew up scheme to wipe us out clean. They seen all the greatness and never recouped. Conditioned our minds to believe that we less than human. With a book to recite to the youth. Manipulation got us tight in the noose. And everyday we see it right in the news. It’s blasphemy that you’ll blast at me. If I smash ya sneaks and be a casualty. But won’t flash the heat when the crackers beat. Ya black ass to sleep. You wanna ask for peace. And then crash the streets strapped wit da gasoline. Burn da shit down to an ash and leave. These protests backwards if you askin' me. Cuz when the party’s over and yo asses leave. Cops still kill a nigga before da nights done. Care less if they shot the right one. We just record and let the likes run. All these images we seein', it gotta incite something. While you stunting on the gram wit all the nice guns. Pull up wit da stick, you got to light one. All these oppressors, you got to strike one. What we gone do, fight or run our mouths, nigga?. . [Outro: J. Morris, Khao]. No justice, no peace in these streets. Can you hear the babies crying?. Yo welcomeEmbed