If it was a problem, we ain't heard about it, so we ain't worried 'bout it. If you with the shit then why you actin' like a nerd about it?. Another loss for the opps, I ain't heard about it. You niggas never touchin' money, we ain't heard about it. . [Verse 1: Yhung T.O.]. Ridin' in that Porsche body, tucked with them huns on me. No ones me, guns on me, bitch these funds on me. Baby throw that ass back, tote this gun for me. Shout out to the real bitches who got love for me. I been spendin' big money, legendary, big money. Ten bands choosin' fee, bitch can't get shit from me. Runnin' up that bag, GF4 with the grip on it. Been for the Glock, I don't want it 'less the stick on it, trip. I can't trust niggas, they be snitchin'. We statin' all facts, you niggas lying for attention. I been paranoid so I'm ridin' with extensions. Rounds for the opps, keep the stocks for the witness. [Verse 2: BandGang Paid Will]. Run the streets every day and pray I make it home. Hope your ass be prepared when the pressure on. I was just with my nigga, now my nigga gone. I was just in the trap, now I'm on the road. Baggin' up, daily routine, nigga that's a must. Good with them numbers but a lot of shit ain't addin' up. I been in my bag nigga, you might catch me actin' up. Thought he had a lick 'til that draco had him backin' up. I'm the one, run that whole hood, better ask around. Locked in with some real niggas, no matter the town. I'm in too deep, you niggas probably would drown. Way past broke, poor bitch, look at a nigga now, ayy. . [Verse 3: ?]. Need it for the right price, I tapped in with the plug. She say I'm always actin' funny when I'm off them drugs. Tutu Gang, that shit forever, bro it's on the love. Stompin' on they necks about these checks, niggas catchin' slugs. Niggas actin' like it's war, this ain't what they want. Nerds in they section poppin' off, yeah that's what they don't. If it's funk then say it's funk 'cause I'ma bring it on. Big K, fifty round drum to take a nigga's soul. . [Verse 4: ShredGang Mone]. We came from snatchin' niggas' chains to runnin' they pockets. Shootin' with them trick dice, now we ridin' with rockets. Fuckin' up all the club then rob it for watches. Now we killin' pussy niggas, don't get out of pocket. I'll shoot your bitch ass so don't play with me. Ain't no pussy niggas or no snitches on this agency. Disrespect my nigga Dot's name then you gon' lay with him. Big backwood rolled up and 'bout to face a three. Met a cute lil bitch from where the Pacers be. Draco get to dumpin', put his ass in emergency. Steppin' on they neck for everybody who ain't heard of me. I'm snatchin' off they neck if them bitches ain't gon' work with me, it's Shred. You might also like[Verse 5: DaBoii]. Bitch I'm that nigga, stop actin' like you don't know. Tic-tac bullets shootin' jammers, we don't tote those. Young skinny nigga iced out, think I'm Frozone. If bro ain't rockin' what the fuck I'ma roll for?. No joke, playin' with your life that shit no joke. Klay Thompson to a nigga bitch, I got more stroke. Since you big headed dumb bitch, I need more dome. Yeah bitch you cute but you broke, you a hobo. Fast life livin', I love this shit. Yeah I heard life a bitch but I love this bitch. Any hatred towards me, come and love this clip. In and out with your bitch, I just cum then dip. . [Verse 6: BandGang Masoe]. I been trippin', Percocets and lean got me vicious. RIP my nigga Tutu, lookin' like him with this Smith 'n. Ridin' with some demons, leave me missin' like suspension. Get Money, BandGang, and Big Money, yeah the niggas. No security, we strapped, ain't gotta call no hitters. If that's your ho then get the ho 'cause she just fucked my nigga. Lil bro can't buy liquor but done served half these niggas. Cookie from the Bay but we ain't even left the Mitten. We was hittin' bitches, you was washin' dishes. Thumbin' through some chicken, you was arguin' with your sister. Don't get in this whip fi you ain't comin' with no pistol. Gotta keep a whistle in order to be offical motherfuckers. [Verse 7: ?]. Young nigga, big money, on my boss shit. Tutu Gang forever, for my brother I'ma off shit. All these niggas claim they shooters, never drop shit. Thirty hangin' off that mopstick when that Glock drip. Drop a bag on my neck, watch that light work. Fuck a fight sir, forty freeze 'em like an iceberg. All that flexin', lil nigga what your life worth?. Choose the right words, lose your life when that light bursts. I been ridin' in that foreign tryna shred somethin'. Had to send somethin', set her down and got them bands comin'. How it's beef with you niggas, never said nothin'. Walked down on 'em, send shots and had his man runnin'. . [Verse 8: BandGang Lonnie Bands]. Got a doctor's appointment, 'bout to go and get a physical. Talked the doctor out of five scripts 'cause I'm lyrical. This draco soundin' too loud just like Mystikal. Fatality, all these shots gon' finish you. You don't want them perky tans, them bitches sell like top tens. I swear I love that MAC-10, I hit a play then rap it. Nigga you ain' treally cut, you crazy to the ugly bitch. I'm the type to get the head and dip on that funky bitch. These seven six two's will have your motherfuckin' head split. Sucker punch your bitch ass, make your fuckin' head spin. Nigga I ain't fightin' fair, I'ma find a way to win. I'm hoppin' out that hoopty van, sprayin' at Mercedes Benz, nigga. . [Chorus: Yhung T.O.]. If it was a problem, we ain't heard about it, so we ain't worried 'bout it. If you with the shit then why you actin' like a nerd about it?. Another loss for the opps, I ain't heard about it. You niggas never touchin' money, we ain't heard about it. If it was a problem, we ain't heard about it, so we ain't worried 'bout it. If you with the shit then why you actin' like a nerd about it?. Another loss for the opps, I ain't heard about it. You niggas never touchin' money, we ain't heard about itEmbed