El Raheem: You , Yakub!Are the bearer of 9,999 diseases, evil, corrupt. Pork chop eating brain!. Charlie: I'm sick and tired-. El Raheem: Now you see brothers! He admits he is sick with corruption. . [Verse 1- MyloMU]. Word is bond ya'll better stop me. Because I rock shit godly, don't meant I can't rock a party. MASTER of the UNIVERSE, I'm bigger than the fucking Illuminati. Pyramids, conspiracies. NiggAllah's a higher entity. Fuck death cause breath is hotter than infinity. I'll have your girl screaming "Alhamdulillah" willingly. Rocking Hijabs, smoking a J in the back of a creamed out caddy. I resurrected the whip, Christians like to call my ride lazzy. I do this shit for bloods and crips , nerds ,punks, and nasty kids. The Black Gods write manuscripts , niggas say I'm blasphemous. Cause I dont believe the conception was immaculate. And I kill demons with ill rap tactics quick (swift). Back to Blackness , the Universe is only static. Collapse your existence with supreme mathematics. I'm roaming through the streets of the atmospheres ripped skin. In sheep skin, in Jerusalem where they buried JESUS in. Hiding from jinns who plan to crucify me. Cause I spit knowledge and I do the shit tightly. Wisely every vibration hits the soul at the right timing. The magnetic of God got MU taking your dime piece. Open eyes, see ME no stranger. Check the elements , the electric biochemical slang lord. Make ground shake like king king. The universality of my sound make deaf people sing songs. And the may seem wrong, but I be on a plane. Most of yall, only dream of being on. Meditating on top of dusty crates. The universe vibrates from the cipher master that Mylo creates. Earth quakes all that above cause by. Me, the supreme one with the open third eye. Unlocked pineal gland. Message the soul menu. And I'm the one that's in U. N-I float above HOG I. Deny all poisonous creatures that suck blood like leeches. Ten percent got all y'all poison animal eating. But I'm defeating. You might also like[Verse 2]. My name is X. Brought to North America to be teachened. I'm a nigga my savior only's in white Jesus. I don't believe better than shit can ever be us. I'm a distorted piece of Osiris' penis. And the first thing to ever start spinning. JESUS, GENIUS, the GENES Of US. . SUPREME!Embed