I can remember when huh those slavery times.... . [Chorus: Damian Marley]. What you won't and what you will. Working for your dollar bill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Walking home, a youth gets killed. Police free to shoot at will. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Nine to five you know the drill. Weekends are a short lived thrill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Cup runneth over till it spill. Take until they've had their fill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. [Verse 1: Damian Marley]. Some of us think we're too big. 'Cause the system gives us jobs. Even though it's just a low paying gig. Some of us will boast and brag. And those of us who think we're small. Just because we don't have much. That's really not the case at all. There's riches that the flesh can't touch. Some of us won't respect names. Some of us won't respect loves. Some of us don't respect life. Even though we worship God. And some of us won't let go faith. No matter what the price may cost. Some of us won't practice hate. Because we still believe in love. . [Chorus: Damian Marley]. What you won't and what you will. Working for a dollar bill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Walking home, a child gets killed. Neighbors free to shoot at will. Hurt' to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Nine to five, we know the drill. Weekends are such a short-lived thrill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Cup runneth over till it spill. Take until they've had their fill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. You might also like[Verse 2: Damian Marley]. Most of us think we're too good. Just because material gain. If we were living as we should. Then less of us would be in pain. Those who are misunderstood. Still deserve a voice to claim. The things that are still meaningful. To each and all of us the same. And some will say the cups are full. And give Jah thanks to what we've gained. And some will say there's much more weight to pull. And them will tell you that straight up and plain. And some will think outside the box. While some of us will hold our lanes. And some of us we write the facts. While some of us a chop down cane. . [Chorus: Damian Marley]. What men won't and what they will. Working for a dollar bill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Walking home, a child gets killed. Police free to shoot at will. Hurts to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Nine to five you know the drill. Weekends are a short-lived thrill. Sad' to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow but grinding still. Cup runneth over till it spill. Take until they've had their fill. Sad to see the old slave mill. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. [Outro]. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Is grinding slow, but grinding still. Those slavery times... I can remember when huh...Embed