Phantum been the plug. Yeah, I. Ooh oh, oh!. . [Chorus]. I got a hunnid on deck. Got another five upset. All in my ear, sayin' I'm up next. But it's one lil thing that's keepin' me stressed like. Tell me how we haven't met yet. I been patient, I've been waitin' for the best. I don't even really care about the rest. I wanna know why haven't met yet. [Verse 1]. No, I wouldn't trade places. Things that we doin', your ex-man would hate it. Slow up your roll, girl, please have some patience. It's not about the picture, it's just how you frame it. She gon' quit like Hasta Luego. I'm on a boat, it's straight to Tobago. Kinda late, but I'm on the way though. Hair in a braid, it twist like tornado. Sunset on your legs and you in a sundress. I can tell by your face that he got you upset. You don't need a wife, you're makin' him your ex. Got a lot of problems, I can make it one less. White wine in your bloodline. Workin' like you on the frontline. Face shimmer in the sunlight. You know it's better when it's done right. I gotta meet you like a deadline. I hope somebody introduce us. Goose on the rocks in my two cups. 11 in the breeze, give you goosebumps. . [Chorus]. I got a hunnid on deck. Got another five upset. All in my ear, sayin' I'm up next. But it's one lil thing that's keepin' me stressed like. Please tell me how we haven't met yet. Girl, I’m over here, just waitin' for the best. I don't even really care about the rest. I don't know how we haven't met yet. You might also like[Verse 2]. Oh, you got a real familiar face. Excuse me, but boo, do I know your name?. I'm guilty and I got an open case. Too crushin' on you, don't want to complicate. Sorry, I just drank two glasses of Chardonnay. And you know I really gotta be honest, babe. You know I like you, you don't even gotta ask. I heard you single, damn, I knew it wouldn't last. Locked eyes and we stopped time. I've been lookin' all night. Tell me that you stressed. And I tell you that it's alright. A part of me left my body when I met you. And you a boss, I don't wanna overstep you. You strictly business and there's shit we gotta get to. All time, you the best of all time. All mine, I'ma give you all eyes. Too fine, covered in the moonlight, ooh. . [Chorus]. I got a hunnid on deck. Got another five upset. All in my ear, sayin' I'm up next. But it's one lil thing that's keepin' me stressed like. Please tell me how we haven't met yet. Girl, I'm over here, just waitin' for the best. I don't even really care about the rest. I don't know how we haven't met yetEmbed