So good that they wanna' be like us. Imma' tell the truth they gon' want to fight us. Took a seat at the table, and I didn't like it. Hate to break it to solange, we wasn't invited. Got a new job everyone excited. I was way happier just getting fired. Peace of mind, what I need it, ain't nothing like it. Can't get a piece of mine, long as imma' rhyme. Everybody worried bout a job they hate. Gotta' let em know that it ain't going down that way. We be chillin' on the block. Cool aid, dreaming bout' vacations on a yacht. 5-0 coming, we be lookin at the cops. Look like block is hot, you know whats coming next. Paddy wagon and the cots. They want to say something, we'll put em' on the spot. [Chorus]. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. . [Verse Two]. What is we paid?. Four to eight hours a day, minimum wage. The government administer slaves. On a graveshift, tryna' get the fuck out my grave. Gotta work twice as hard cause a nigga is beige. You know!  just designed and conditioned that way. My generation never planned on us living that way. So we hustle and entrepanuer till it's maneuer. Found a way to get rich messing with the computers. I was on a get rich quick with my homie scooter. Between star troopers and "Hangin With Mr. Cooper". We put money and hard work into our manevuers. We gotta know that our super powers are super. We drop gems directly to the consumer. So how the fuck we allow jacob the jewler?. All across the world they call us niggers and shoot us. Couldn't hail a cab, still can't get a Uber. With a hood on, represent I'm trying to put my hood on. Tryna do it without a hood anthem or hood song. This a hood song, written over gold horns. Whole crew got me now, looking too strong. Utilizing my time, tryna be wise. What a beautiful time to be alive. If you black and you proud give me a five. If you all the way down, get with the ride. You might also like[Chorus]. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. It feels so good to be black. . [end]Embed