This what we do. W-E-E-D. I shouldn't have to tell you to roll up the blunts. They should already be lit. Bitch. . [Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]. Niggas always ask me why I get (So high). I tell them mind they fuckin' business. I'm tryin' to find a couple swishers and I'm (So high). I think I bought a box and don't remember. They watch singin' this boy (so high). You see that smoke coming out the windows. I keeps Urkel like the Winslows. You smell purple when the wind blows (It's fading away). Don't know how I wake up sober I go to sleep (So high). Can't even keep my eyes open. 'Member first time I tried smoking. Wiz (So high) damn near thought I was gon' die chokin'. Smoke kush so that's prolly why I look (So high). Eyes getting red, mouth all dry (it's fading, its fading). My memory y'all (Is fading away). Yeah. Swag, I need you to call up if you know for a fid-act that you got the best weed in your motherfuckin' town or your section, Yeah.. Taylor Gang gon' be in your city or state and I need you to blow it down with your boy. It's Mr. EZ Wider with my man Wiz Khalifa, Mr. Blow it by the O, Swisher Sweets, no Phillies. C'mon. . [Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]. Took a trip out to Cali and man I never been (So high). Before or even after that. Me and my niggas rollin' back to back until we get (So high). Yeah, on the road. 30 blunts before a show, they like how do you perform (So high). I say this what I does. You can say I love my drugs. Matter fact, roll another one girl, my buzz (Is fading away). I'll get everybody in this bitch (So high). Brought the chronic everybody get a spliff. Don't smoke get a tiny little whiff and be feeling (So high). Haha, smokin' in my car. Don't even know how I could even drive my whip (So high). Roll another one when the first blunt's lit. My energy y'all (It's fading, fading, fading). It's fading away (It's fading away). . [Outro]. Yeah, you know, keep that cloud of smoke, man. Stay rollin' up them swishers, pullin' out that bag. YeahYou might also like21Embed