Yo! Yo! Yo! I said, when the tone of my voice stretch.... The geometry of the waves are sonically displayed into what's known as a vortex. And that's why my rhymes deeper. Even when my craft light, it still attract a (tractor) beam that pull niggas up into my penman-ship. That means I'm gifted with the sheer influence to make dimensions shift. Outside of the timekeepers. When I tap into the cognitive ripple factors. That send forever expandin' vibrations into the triple-blackness. I could tell a path (telepath) the ancestors would only whisper to a mind-reader. Like… "Do you believe in the Most High's most awesome force?". Or the daylight (Daylyt), just a mere reflection of somethin' that could only be a projection from a more darker source?. Oh! I came to test L.A., like standin' in the middle of Watts wearin' three 6ix9ine T-shirts. Hold up, nigga. I said "test L.A." - that's Tesla. He taught us about watts. He was the original 369 teacher!. And since you popped up on my ra-dar when (Darwin) you was Big Bangin'. And now you've evolved into this intelligently designed creature. I think it was fire how you brought science to the Cave, man (cavemen). But it ain't as trill (astral). Cause where I am projectin’ all you see is divine ether(Davone Ethered), nigga!. But if y'all ain’t peep it, I give y'all a couple more bars to catch some deep shit. I envision ARP in a dark room with an evil grin. Just starin' at the card. I even imagine the factions of our two fan bases clashin'. Just starin' at the odds. I even did the calculus and pre-calculated how many niggas would be in the crowd stuck. Just starin' at the bars. And then it dawned on me, all them niggas that told stories about starin' into the light, made it back!. I guess the ones that turned into light, must have been starin' at the god, nigga!. Yeah that’s right, I said god. For all these little niggas that chose rap as a profession. I’m the one that made it out the dirt for goin' off the dome. Y'all catchin' the connection?. In the beginning, I used my darkest hours and created light (Lyt) and now it’s just perfection. My freestyles taught these average Joe’s if (Joseph) they married (Mary) to these bars these babies can come out of nowhere. Now that is an immaculate conception!. Question:. Am I not the Alpha and Omega to that rap shit?. And what could you provide me?. I done lyrically walked on water. Healed the blind. Fed the multitude. Even hung with the niggas that crossed me. But they still couldn’t crucify me!. You know how many times I prayed to God the chip on my shoulder fell?. They killed my pop when I was sixteen. That’s some shit I still ain’t get over well. I watched the most positive nigga on my block, get hit with like 40 shells. I even used to rap like a little Nas. But ex (Nas X) that these days I’d rather take my pole to Hell, nigga. You know why a Baltimore nigga never sold his soul to get famous?. ‘Cause we famous for never even havin’ a soul to sell, nigga!. I knew three sixth-graders (6) that got schooled by the block. Six (6) years later, they got chalked in the streets. Six (6) feet deep in a box because of all the deceit. We kill over true religion. Target the weak. So when they said, “Daylyt was an animal”. I said, “Good. I came to make a mark of the beast!”. Like, Yeah he sick, but I’m two times as sick. I take six and leave six sick, that’s two times the sick. I do mine, but in my mind two minds would fit. That’s two monsters, two contras, and two kinds of consciousness. I can do mantras and move all kinds of shit!. I define this shit!. Black and gifted. I hope he ain’t come to play games with the kid. ‘Cause mind crafted (Minecraft) different!. Time, nigga!. [Round 1: Daylyt]. *Hahahaha Mwahahahaha. I like that!*. . Yo! I come from the land of the 3 up top. I'm part of a living tribe, you know (tribunal). You see the soul. King, Leopold we oppose. Soon as you got deployed, it was tricky. I knew you was gon' black a little bit. But due to historical facts, you should've known you'd get destroyed if you pick me (Pygmy). It's different.... It's different!. Quickly!. True north is how I create my battle page. When the comp is (compass) high, I don't gotta compromise my data range. On this stage, I never had trouble wit' experience. This is just the double-slit experiment. I took this look to make Adam (atom) change. You see how the compensat-. . I DO THIS!. . You see how the compensate (comp is ate), it was gross. Los, I really used to fuck wit' you!. Knowing damn well I had trust issues. To be friends with you, I was literally befriending my health. I spent nights in yo' den listening to yo' pen. Taking Instagram pics, trying to pretend it was wealth. Never have I ever planted (planet) the idea to see you and I verse (universe) to ascend for the belt. But on this here earth stage, you have become a mermaid. Today, you gonna have to fend (fin) for yourself!. You might also likeI DO THIS!. . See, King (sea king)..... . I DO THIS DAWG!. LET ME COOK. . See, King (sea king)..... You want them to believe your trident is the height of all writin'. Excitin'? Oh you the man? (demand). You gifted (gift it). A box? Word, book it!. Man, you script (manuscript) it inside this trial date. And he gypped (Egypt) me out of my streams I must redeem then I annihilate (a Nile ate). Off the look crazy. Last match you seen a nigga spit. I turned the scene Queen Elizabeth when I get on my killer shit. Just let me cook baby. They be screamin', "That's fire feed us (fetus) some more.". I'm to the crib with this barbecue. An artist who went straight to the top and took 'em down with no disguise. Yo' demise'll be multiplied by oh oh (00) now look around, look around (a round). It's two X sent to a ten (attend) a pair of dime (paradigm). Bubble and you can double if you air the mind. Pair the time we can score out the obstacle. I plan to jot even though I haven't been on the cam a lot (Camelot). They wanna see king author (King Arthur) with me. I had to pull my sword out of Roc(k) for you. Listen! Listen!. All the dissin' that's a mission impossible if I jot focused. They wanna see me pop toasters (apoptosis) that's just a bad mash of bando lines (bandolines). I don't have to write for the Black Assize. My lactorium in the afterlife is an act of Christ. Viddy it and you might see Los die, ghosts fly. You wanna know why my hand in the air?. Cause you up here paired with the most high (hi). Hop on my wave, but it'll be no tie (tide). You was jumped from the stomp. A pogo in my my dojo oh bro this is a logo lets see brodie (bro die). I'll a render contenders, annoy ya, to send an artist to whom we made it. Doom he played it. Niggas become completely quiet when then get mutilated (mute and laid dead). Who debated?. Peep the talent show. Lying (line) like we equilateral. I auditory the griot, if you not on my talent list (talentless). This who you all big up?. Give up it's inadequate (isn't that a quit). Although it exist funny. You standing next to a killa if this the Thrilla In Manila then everything is a risk (wrist) money. To all the slaves watching they clockin' to bury ya (burial). I craft in all 51 Areas which you appall. I was on the call before Lemuria. Arian, bury in, homi in the lobby with the lobbyist. I'll be this (obvious) to define hobby. Probably exist in a divine (Davone) obelisk. That's a two one (21) clear. Can you rock with this?. I pair the fogle, scare the global. The seat I sit in the bomb. The chair noble (Chernobyl). I'll do the body bad. Los, you knew clearly (nuclear) it'd be levee slaughter. Sip heavy water. They adore the skill. Sea moss couldn't give you this chlorophyll (Cloral feel). I'd scatter facts (Factz). Blade to his belly, tell me that's bladder axe (bladderwracks) Thunder sound. Smoke for any nigga who said they run the town. I'm cut from the belly of the beast. You hear the hunger sound. A King can't author with the kings of Agartha. Nigga we been livin' off the underground. The numbers sound different when the words attacking ya. This is slurred gematria. You can't match with us. You can't stick with us. It's ubiquitous if you plan to spit like a god. They screamin' "animus" (and it missed). When he too animated. And I made it to complicated. You too not calm, you just too concentrated. Unidentified by the Quill. Keep it real or else you'll be penalized (pen of lies). By my ability sly, shy ability soliloquy. Let me demonstrate, I eliminate. They sayin' it's easy to go in when you penetrate (pen a trait). *I'm gonna wrap it up, I'm a stop, he about to cry*. . I just came to say, if you all gonna call me a joker and that's your angle, hey?. But it's the simple rules of any card. The joker beats the king no matter what game we play. *Time!*. . [Round 2: King Los]. I let ARP talk me back into the raggedy ass world of battle rap. As if the first time around, I didn’t get enough. But fuck that, nigga I pulled up!. And saw DNA retarded ass with no tooth grinning from the bus. I know I said I wanted to bridge the gap between the industry and battle. But this ain’t the shit that we discussed. Somebody still gotta explain to me how the gangsta ass niggas got tranny rumors. But the Christians is the niggas with it tucked…hold up. From here on out I ain’t trusting nobody that say they be zipping niggas up. And you, nigga. Nah, nigga you!. What you thought, you was just chillin’ in the cut?. You act like you ain’t go from twerkin’ in a dress. To runnin’ around wearin’ a fuckin’ cape thinkin’ your mind control is what’s liftin’ niggas up. Let me guess (guest)?. ARP text you “Let’s eat, come display your extraordinary…”. Nigga, you ain’t seen Dinner with the Schmucks?. What the fuck?!. You think you got here, ‘cause you god-tier?. I ain’t even give a fuck what you was gonna rap tonight. I knew against me, you had to pull out the premiere bars with the deluxe (Lux) pack…You know what I like that nigga more that you be rappin’ like!. Somebody take a picture. You lookin’ at the Day before death. And that’s congruent to the afterlife. ‘Cause soon as they gave the goat (GOAT) to the god. You was assed out, you should have knew this (nudist) was a sacrifice!. Let me see if I had this right. You said they brought the hype in to the high pen?. How you claimin’ your arm strong (Armstrong) when you get caught writin’ (Cartwright) bullshit you can’t play off (playoff) unless I’m mic (Mike)’d in?. I don’t know who on your side-line (lyin'). But soon as I heard Drizzy was one of the hype men. I thought about the big flash. The nigga might squint. Or the blade *slashing noise*. Get ’em sliced in. Either way, tell Aubrey I don’t even gotta pull a Drake to get Lyt skinned, nigga!. We goin’ to handle this like men. ‘Cause I been known to line these chumps up and front page ‘em. They said that “Lyt goin’ to push your melon in” (melanin). I said “Only when I am sungazin’!”. And don’t make me come blazin'. For that spot you clenchin’. You think you cookin’ ‘cause you saw Tay (sauté) and got it Roc(k)’n wit’ ‘em. Well the nigga was salty. For three years. And cut me off. When ARP ain’t lock it wit’ ‘em. Every blog was: “ARP and the wise King collaborate on the government-devised scheme to glitch my algorithm”. So what? Our friendship got divided?. And all of the sudden now you got the vision (division). So that I’m supposed to believe your mind is (minus) just so cosmically inclined to make all these wise decisions?. Well tell this nigga, until he unblock me off Twitter. I don’t want to hear shit about Lyt (light) got da mentions (dimensions). Not to mention. I’m the only industry nigga that can slide here and kill. Watch the voice amplify. The hand gestures fly. Niggas bow heads and kneel. I compose shit that make every child, woman, and man testify. They felt the earth move and heard the ancestors cry. I’m god-tier (god tear) for real, nigga!. Is dog here for real?. ‘Cause I heard he’s Spawn but how I respawn (respond. ) is to talk life to ‘em. I don’t think where your material lies (materialize) is very solid. So to those of you who said I couldn’t talk Lyt (light) to ‘em. Ain’t nothin’ about him as genius as this. He might matter to y’all. But to me, he don’t even exist. He gonna holler graphic (holographic) shit. And I’m gonna Walk. Right. Through. ‘Em. . [Round 2: Daylyt]. Los. Los. Los. Welcome to battle rap. AKA BR 101. BR is composed of many different elements to go at 'em (atom) periodically when we art attack. Bars. Stage presence. Aggression. Crowd control. Speaking of crowd control, I figured I'll start with that. I need everybody in the building to be absolutely quiet and make not a sound. Now raise your hand if you never had COVID. *coughs*. You got it now!. . Wait wait wait wait. Y'all didn't get the elbow. That shit was so gnarly you probably saw a dolphin. I ain't here to make y'all COVID victims. I'm here to show you I rap like a COVID symptom. It's just gonna be a body and a coffin (coughin'). . *Don't boo you know what'll happen*. . I mean. If I knew you was gonna spit that weak shit you had. I would have wrote that shit I had 3 years ago. To get ahead swell (a head swell) I can win by not (knot) a lot. Given although the match been simmerin’ (Ben Simmons) you still don’t got a shot. Let me be honest (Giannis). I could let something tall Buck…. But that just gonna fuck up your net worth and if I’m on that type thuggin’. I would let something fire fly (firefly) but they just gonna scream “Lyt buggin!” (lightbug). So with that said. Whatever you had planned you chewed when I get motivated. Oh they waitin’ for us to square up. I prepare the box retrieve. They ain't believe you’ll die till they seen a pair of docs (paradox/pair of docks). And the vaults boarded. Lose bore them (boredom). The scriptures say death is what you picture. Your family gon' have to post more of them (postmortem). I assure them. A bitch you wary (obituary) if you done picked the berry. Small paw, arbitrary to when the top compete. Peep his spot deplete. Doofus where the roof is, all contenders render useless. If you wish any of my ops elite (obsolete/ops will leap). Peep his hope deflated. To Roc(k) I gave life. Lyt (light) you see what this pro created (procreated). Oh he made it. But he fucked in the proxy. The plot be raised. You got me?. When the cock in a box, we brace. You thought that was crazy?. Today'll be baby after baby after baby. Maybe we over pop you late (overpopulate)!. I promise you. When you too polished versus a shoe polisher they won't acknowledge you. They'll try to demolish you. With a great plan and a space hand. Look at what I create man. This what I gotta do. Like how foul can a man chew (Manchu) him. Despite whoever this whore is (Horus), son gotta (sun god of) rap. It's a lotta cap perhaps I'm too complete. He root for me in the best writing. I'll give you a glimpse of the past ho. My last show was exciting (ex sightin'). I left all men riding from the jottin'. Have you forgotten?. A god don't just lowkey (Loki) pop up. I pay whatever you owe then (Odin) scare her. Nigga when it spark in arc (ark). All you niggas get boxed in this golden era. I'm a problem. Shine, the god of rhyme evolved rapping. And I just came to say, the joker beats the King no matter what game we play. . [Round 3: King Los]. I say yo!. Now everybody be completely quiet…. Okay, they right. I just wanted to see if I could do the same shit as Daylyt. So check it out. If I could teach these kids across the world one thing. These niggas is just characters you see on the web. So despite a man’s (Spider-man) downfalls. Knowin’ we had Black Panthers gives us a lot to gain. Fuck all them bars about swingin’ iron, man (Ironman). Just bein’ Black will get you capped in America (Captain America). These niggas will have you layin’ down lookin’ up at the Doctor Strange. Not to blame all your antics and playin’ around. But I knew against me you’d have to bring your most honest look. Shit, other than that. The only thing to Marvel about with this match was RBE had a superhero versus a comic booked. Look, soon as the coin flip. You knew you had to face (Two Face) a true villain. Because you ain’t been through no real war yet. Me comin’ to get rid of Daylyt (daylight) got them (Gotham) projectin’ this battle be on the moon. ‘Cause you ain’t seen a real Dark night (Knight) before that. Ironically, you get all the muthafuckas to the Batmobile. But I’m the one up here blackin’ on a core vet (corvette). Riddle me this. If ARP sent me two jokers and I took ‘em both out. Y’all still think I’m playin’ with a full deck?. I’m up here cookin’ for the respect. And this a recipe for the gods. You wouldn’t know to concern. Just to think I birth Day (birthday). Now I’m standin’ over this lifeless body with my gift. I guess I’m waiting for his soul to return (solar return). Yeah!. That’s how you gonna get your flowers, king. On your muthafuckin’ grave, nigga. You thought you was up here kickin’ all that deep shit to a muthafuckin’ gravedigger. I’m gonna have to son ‘em like God did Jesus. You know? Sometimes you have to kill a nigga to save niggas. Hey nigga!. You can’t spell Baltimore without the A-T-L. We known shooters from day one. That’s how hard the streets is to get away from. Even though I grew up mellow (Mello) I still had to keep my trey young (Trae Young). They dumb. Thinkin’ he a street nigga. He really just grandma’s joy. What you gangsta ‘cause of your flow?. Oh! You think ‘cause you lean, rock wit it you Da Franchize Bo-o-o-y?. You more like RBE’s B-Rabbit against Ooops user’s Daylyt and took the shit to help ya. I wish you would use that shit against me. You really gonna have a Future at the Shelter. You know how I came to step, brother (Stepbrother). I ain’t turnin’ down one bet. I can summons the Will of the pharaohs (Ferrell) into battle and I’m known for goin’ nuts over a drum set. Speakin’ of drums… nah I ain’t even gonna start that. ‘Cause the homie got the 40, yeah, old version (40 Year Old Virgin). ‘Cause he’s more known for workin’ with the smart TEC (Smart Tech). But squash that!. ‘Cause you my ‘migo (Migos), you know how we go. I don’t want you to be Offset about the way I’m ‘bout to Takeoff. But first I gotta gun so big…. [Audience: How big is it?]. It only exists in Hitman Holla’s duffle bag but the Cas get (casket) shutdown if it air your whole face off, nigga!. Say dawg?. You got 78 battles, with 30 million views. That’s 390,000 views per battle. Was that too fast? Okay. We gonna take 39 of those battles we gonna skim it down to 15 million views per battle that’s approximately 190,000 views per battle if we just do half. So I don’t know if battle rap politics fucked you. And that’s too bad. Or if you ever took into equation all the antics and all the karma had somethin’ to do with the success you had?. But when them numbers ain’t addin’ up. What more could you expect from a nigga that slept through math (Math Hoffa), nigga?. That’s my time, ATL we outta here!. . [Round 3: Daylyt]. Let’s get it!. To kick it. I'm the reason they buyin’ ‘ery (binary) ticket. And for that I'm up 1-0. Oh, through the gas yes. Preposterous rhyming. Nostradamus promised to leave your last breath. Gasp, yes. As we begin the tale of a King who stepped foot in hell (inhale) *inhales*. Do you believe that's air you breathin’ in?. See, '02 (CO2) was the year he could see the win (wind) clear.... But he blew it disguised in a bad storm. Fable, you knew it. Cable, back when the label boxed you true MC's. It was up to you to rise to the mass. Sworn to be the best to fly, impressed. Depressed, decline. You had every opportunity for the opps to be addressed with lines. But at the time you ain't utilize the platform. That's somethin’ Bill caught right (Cartwright)? Oh it's gonna get bad for ‘em (form)…. Depressed, decline. you had every opportunity for the opps to be addressed with lines. But at the time you ain't utilize the platform. Y'all let the nigga screamin’ "Burberry” all y'all lyrical miracle heroes (rose). While your two lips (tulips) be closed. It was our crew (oracle) who spit these flows. It's all coochie. Battle rap. And you think I'mma let you come in my motherfucking house and expect everything to be all Gucci?. I should clothesline your bitch ass. That'll do. How you gonna judge the speech impediment when you ain't settled in?. And that's the battle truth. Facts. I wasn't even supposed to battle you. I was supposed to battle Royce Da 5'9" but they pushed it back and you became the backup. Excuse me sir, back up. Yeah you can act up. But just don't lose integrity or you's a dead guy. What you thought?. You can stick half calf in our ocean hoping for a legacy (leg a sea) on a game night but in plane sight you done ran into the Jedi (jet eye). They said, “Why?”. I said, “Yo, the (Yoda) name Los been looking a lil progressive now”. If there’s children in the building, I add a lesson (adolescent). Had them guessin’. Los, if your name been looking a little progressive now, well guess the sound when I add an “S” in (essence). That's fine. When I rhyme with what's in their mind, at what cost?. Card respect. Heart neglect. Indirect gun bars is the new art direct to make the bar connect. In my heart it mingle, tingle, knowing I don’t need a single gun line. ‘Cause I am the architect! (arc a TEC). All you niggas finna bow down. Welcome to Nova Albion oh Mayan this is my jungle. This is a rumble amongst two humble Etruscans. Can he dust him?. I'ma tocked in (Autochthon) locked in win buddy. Ain't no way Harry bookin’ you bitch niggas to make the grid study. Pretend to bitch, gon’ extend the clip I'll remove your rib cudi. Let me guess. You got your heater on?. Beamer on the adrenochrome and now your kid bloody. We adrenaline rush bust colostrum swallow hollow mac talk. I can scare the Indians. You want to know what the Drake do? You be covered in blood like the Merovingians. Jesus Christ I'm nice!. Another vegan got beef can't compete when you mediocre (meaty okra). So we celebrate. You should know I black King. Soon as he called his melon ate (melinate). I'm in your face. I'm over that fake world of guns. Niggas been got hit with the sem, you late (simulate). So it's the black pearls if I gotta throw shots. I square up with the whole world to get through the roadblocks (Roblox). You see how my mind craftin’ (Minecraft). I'm Einstein tapped in wifi the high-rise captain. Guys die with they eyes wide cracked in. Five five with the tripod with the Ipod clappin’. Bye bye. If I ever did a gun bar, he gon’ die die. The new 40, like a 4 year old who ain't seen his dad on the farm all day. All you gon’ hear is “Pa Pa”. With that being said, I just came to say. The joker beats the King no matter what game we play1Embed