Suicune Sixx, and I'm back in my element. I'm Surfin through the scene scaldin anyone testin it. Get that burn, I don't talk I hit first, Like quick claw. Don't get ripped out ya shell, nigga, withdraw. Back to spazz, sharp as razor shells get me a cat to slash. You and your bitch runnin shit? I'll lap you then lap her ass. Backs gets smashed, launchin hydro cannon's you'll get more than soaked. I charge with the quickest drills, you strike with the slowest pokes. Anyone that plays out my circle I don't trust bitch. Beautiful as milotic, but I don't want her luvdisc. I just huntail, ammo for 48 days. I got an Octillery, that's weaponry 8 ways. Hate mate? That'll get your whole squad merked. And as for you, you'll be laying in a swamp hurt. My space, I'm Palkia, I run this, my Bars roast. You magikarp with an everstone Your bars more barboach. [Verse 2: Shofu]. Who you think you messin with? I'm holdin my head like a Psyduck. Lanturn how I light em up. Flow's on Hydro Pump. Trainers hatin line em up. I do this shit, so effortless I'm a Feraligatr how I eat you guys for lunch. Really. Fire types gettin slaughtered. My gun is loaded no Clauncher. Shofu dirty with the flow, my nigga that's Muddy Water. You must be out yo mind you think you seein me. You bring enough gold in (Goldeen) you might just even see a king (Seaking). Recently. I'm flyer than a Aqua Jet. You turn down we turnt up. Spit Scald's on anything, Shizzy what's next to get burned up. You sayin you a star? Show me, let me see you Rapid Spin. Adapt to any beat, I'm like a mothafuckin Basculin. Ask ya men. Niggas hatin on me fuck it let em hate. Treat you like a Gastrodon change colors when I separate. I been in that water, do my own thing, renegade. You dudes under my wing, like a Mantine to a Remoraid. . [Verse 3: Shizzy VI]. Listen Squirt, we go War I won't Blastoise. I'll just get sheer cold, better move fast boy. This my seel of approval, wanna face off? Lucky me. All you'll hear is Oooooooh my reaction stay bubblebeam. Get outta line shmuck, I rile up and brine fucks. After cutting y'all to the half, when y'all line up. Cuz the bullshit y'all emit make my headhurt. And me wanna clap 5 4's like Psyduck. Bars stay heavy, ask how much I weigh? Lord. Equivelant to wailord, that's tons on your gameboy. Kyogre, sublime soldier, boy i'll be damned. I don't make your stomach turn like Poliwhirl to Poliwrath. You look into my soul? Sick. I look into your core, fish. No shit, you show you're as feminine as gorebyss. Question who's a star? Me. Didn't know you slowbro. No need for an army, Shofu Sixx, now you know ho. You might also like[Verse 4: Shofu]. I spit fire, make it rain, that's a hot storm. Shofu cleaner than a Rotom in its wash form. Said I can't Dewott? There's no way I can do wrong. You haters just can't do, you don't do, your do gone (Dewgong). People quick to judge, but they really don't know me. Wipe you niggas out, Noah's Ark, HM03. I ball like Spheal, my jumper's on Marshtomp. They know I'm a star I'm like the forehead of a Crawdaunt. I stick my tongue out like a Shellder when I ride through. I'm just tryna make it to the top like Kabu. Challenge me you lose to tell the truth you're not a factor. It's always the same shit, like Alomomola backwards. Shofu and Shizzy Sixx, nobody is stoppin us. Bitch we number one (Juan), like the leader of Sootopolis. You Karps ain't ever floppin us, magic if you get me doe. Leave my mark its permanent, I wrote it in Sharpie doe (Sharpedo)1Embed