Come take a look at mind, and tell me; what do you find?. My screws loose, I can barely even maintain. I really shoot like a cannon, my vision carries a burden. I find myself in the tunnel, homie, I'm full of rage. Don't ever get me to stumble, I kill the prophets of devil. Cause the fetti keep stacking, is known to go take names. Bringing the pain, taking their names, batter away. Tear em up, venom, I kill with the pain. I'm a little bit insane. Loony the name, breaking the chains. Shooting the main frame. Syllables that I be spitting, I heard em all pompous, I'm bigger than a gauge. I'm having suicide thoughts, but they don't hear when I cry. So I be forced to just end up grabbing the razor blade. I find myself in the dark, and they be talking a lot, so. Smoking this mary jane and bringing remedy. Assassination like Kennedy, blow hollows into your kidney. Resurrecting, the cross is where I leave em at. [Verse 2: Z of Firing Squad]. Look, I'm talking this impeccable, breath filled up of the ethanol. I'm standing at my level, was next to godly, I'm effin y'all. I filled the pen with fett, n' mask on in the bed and y'all put rappers on the stretcher whenever I'm in your retinal. You spittin' septic, and prep weapons up my haters. Gonna put fire 'til they litter the set, whether or not avion. Practically an alien, set ready, I'm taking off. They put me out my galaxy, childs, we gonna take it low!. All these other rappers just carving up all the factions. I'm carving 'em 'cause I'm starving, this arson is all that matters. My jargon is speakin' marsian, in parts, no way to blast you. Motherfuckers just rapping to pop and be one to running after. Killing all these pussies, I'm dropping bodies like rapid. Then go on and feed my kids, these chips are all that I'm after. So miss me with that bullshit, the cool shit, my stacks are on. The pin on you bitches I'm eating off this laughter. . [Verse 3: G-I Rilla]. I bet y'all never heard of my name. I'm gon' talk till diminishing my foes and my critics. Got the planets for every time I get in my grin. With the bars you are suckers that conceive only legacy. I never was the best rapper, always been a wallflower. Now I hunt it down like a werewolf, dog catcher. I hit you longer than the death of the curse of the. Haters surprised full of nothing but wonderless. Anticlimactic to my friend and y'all are nothing but ass-kissers. Patrick is stealing witness nothing more blasphemous. I'm just a masochist, I might just leave a moment. But for the sake of Hip-Hop, I will banish the small beings. I focus on the negativity, y'all be giving me the bullshit to put me in a 51-50 spree. Lyricism like Tech N9ne mixed with Bone'. A matter of time before the dragon lets me come home. You might also like[Verse 4: ARW]. Back on again should gimme a plaque honoring one of the people who’s on for dose to merk in black coloring. And for the people don’t and are unaware of the dopest we choke a beat until we hear the croak and fracture a rib. Now look in the mirror, tell me the man you see isn’t wearing a mask. And he shatters the barrier to put the mask in your hand. And I finally find him behind me with a knife at my spine entwined with the ribs now combine that with threats that he’ll batter me dead. But then again I kinda got the urge to run out of my room and with nothing that I could lose except the mic and the pen and a pad. Or fight this again and again. Now even science couldn’t expand a rubber band that’s thick enough  around my head because my thoughts are limitless. I take the instrumental and I turn it to an Icarus. By beating it in the face with a fist a couple blades cannot miss em. Only way I’m exisiting is in your veins I’ll engage in a war and within you will go ballistic. . [Verse 5: Leach]. Waking em up and I'm sneaking up quick. And I'm taking them out of the game. Forcing the flow like it's stormy. I'm bringing these weapons, I'm going insane. Digging the style to your brain, listen the fuck what I say. I'm making sick rhythms til I'm dead with no life cause I know this ain't going away. This is that weird shit, that type of shit you really wanna hear quick. That why you wander, it's not here shit so turn it up nice and clear. It's unforgettable and forged by the lords of this shit. Ain't no better with this style and you know I'll never quit. Till I'm dead in the ground with a halo on my head, in the shadows of the dark just bones and death. [Verse 6: MicSteam]. Imma run em, imma gun em, imma run em to the corner. You messing with someone that be dumping out the corner. From Arizona, where we close to the border. Drop the body bag off, close to the border. You fucking with someone who really got a mental disorder. Of course I, never been the one to put it down for the laugh, I. Will I be better if I, hit em with a beretta, hang em up and then I kill their competitor. I'm not has-been, I'm a masked man with a fast hand, got the cash in. Bout to dash in, with the motherfucking plastic. Do you really think you can match it?. Flame bigger than a match stick, I got to hit em with the max, bitch. You ain't nothing but a motherfucking dipstick. Got your bitch lips, stick on my dipstick. I'm bout rip this quick open like Christmas. . [Verse 7: LyteSpeed]. Declarated vet and I'll obliterate you gimmicks. I'm the innovative cynic, kill your little brain in minutes. Get eliminated, been a favorite, sick and Satan wicked. And I'm going to the cemetery, get your grave and lit it. Get a brick and maybe flick it, wait, I'll hit a hater with it it. Til your lips were laying with it, bitch, I'm pissed today and ripping. Every rap that be spitting and they think I may be timid. Take a dirt nap with the crickets laying in it. Gotta be a prodigy, a monster when I properly. Abolish to the point that maybe God will even follow me. Chopper with a hollow, it's like Halloween in Gotham. I'm so Gothic like a goblin, I'm a gobble up the wasps and bees. Wabble, we can squabble, see I'm not a saint or prophecy. I'm probably a rocket wielding robber, make you drop and freeze. Fallacies you got for me, your body's getting chopped like cheese. Dropping, you'll be saying that a battle rap is not for me. . [Verse 8: Hurricane]. I get it tripping out and thinkin' people want me dead. Niggas bring the cannons tryna blow away my head. Putting the mask on, running up on me, leaving you leaking red. They cannot hit me with all of the bullets until I be losing control of my legs. So I'm always ready for these niggas and they bullshit. The AK-47 in the trunk, got a full clip. Dumpin' it up on them niggas, leavin' em in the red zone. Slumped in the front seat like watch people their head gone. We don't be coming about that. Gotta pull up in all-black. Will not be makin' a mess with the nigga, the deal is what you call that. Knocking them out of with bullets until they be leaving you still like a ball bat. If you wanna be Jax, I'ma give 'em Mortal Kombat. Serve it on a platter 'fore you come and get this murder. Silver bullets, worship nigga me like it was burger. Fly away to countries that you pussies never heard of. Want me? Come and get me, I'll oblige you with the service. Motherfucker. . [Verse 9: Coutz]. Anonymous rapper, tell em what’s happening, batter them, no slacking. Keeping my iron mask on like I’m Metal Face. Ravenous raptor, flow so immaculate, passionate poet. You a masochist if you attack us, you will get erased. Callous catalyst, smacking em actors, came to damage em. Dazzle em with my capacities, I keep on elevating. While they brag that they fast but they got no talent. And that’s a fact, wanna battle, I’ll stab em with shattered glass, I’m dedicated to. Making my enemies suffer, I hit em with the tachyonic speed. While they mumble and stutter, I don’t need to bother with em, they know I’m a beast. I bet all of you suckas will crumble as soon as you pick up the mic. You will see what it’s like to get humbled in front of the crowd. I’ll be taking you down in a second, you feeling the heat. Masked Men Cypher 2, last thing you wanna do is offend us. I laughed when I learned you wanted to clash with Coutz. Back then I was confused, flashbacks of me acting a fool. No coming back, if they stand in my path, I’ll just slash through em. . [Verse 10: A-Game]. When you see me coming with a mask on, that ain't anonymous. I promise you'll be bayflited on my kamikaze shit. Remember no one there for me when I had to pot to piss. So when I reach the top, I'll pop a squad and you can gobble shit. Talk a spit around your head into a monolith. These motherfuckers got their head stuck like they an ostrich. Like ain't it obvious that A-Game always drop the hottest. You don't want it with the bears, you'll get tormented, call the obelisk. I got a hot temper and I ain't never stepping out of it. Even if I smoke a lot of pot. A lot of rappers think they got it till they flop. Like a fish up out of water and the microphone drop. I ain't never finna stop. Cause I'm so dope like can't take the nap. Haters and traitors a thing of the past. You play with A-Game, that's your ass. Get cooked like a steak on my plate and get dragged. Reptile shit. . [Verse 11: Mistery]. I'm still in that state of mind of straight killing, i hate this life. The percentage that will not die, are the villains right by my side. You're facing the pain inside, you know it's me and I create crimes. Yet I'm lacing this lullaby on your face, so now close your eyes. I advise you write down all of your fears, so I could drown you in tears. Interfere, with me we gonna see how far you get right here. Try to steal my consciousness then I'll make you rest in fields. But you fetal when I call that shit up on you, now tell me whats the deal?. What's your quarrel? You don't wanna see me get behind you through a portal, I'm immortal. Not even a genie or magic sword'll kill me. You make me chortle, with the way you say your words in rhyming, sort of sad that you would see me and pass, record and laugh, make stories. Murder it? I'm sure to, I will train and break your mind in, torn in half, your flow, retract it, cause I have to last up in my course, see. Master the force and choke your ass, in fact, I love the mass amounts of agony I made you go through, put it on my tracks and attack you poor tools. . [Verse 12: Abyss]. I'm the human definition of a mental disease. Walk up to your house, knock on your door, got the pistol and squeeze. I'ma bring you, bout to hang out, literally. Cause you ain't nothing but another fucking victim to me. I pull the mask back and now you got decay in your face. And you ain't bout to feel nothing except the blade in your waist. I'm just a psychopath and I'm about to lay you to waste. I eat you rappers alive so I hope you stay in your graves. I'm a motherfucking monster every time I'm on the beat. And you can bet that you're in danger every time you walk to me. I'ma kill you in the night and be the marshal on your sheets. I'ma leave my information so the cops can talk to me. I'm chopping em up and I'm dropping em off in a motherfucking riverbed. You don't even realise but I'ma dope you with the infrared. I don't really give a fuck about anything since I'm dead. Cause of all the time I was alive, I had wicked shit in my head. . [Verse 13: Dvagoh]. Faccia coperta, fantasma dell'opera, mi aggiro e tutti ignari con questo slow mo flow. Ma non ci sto, non son John Doe, e non trovi me morto con l'identità anonima. Manifesto a chi coopera, e alla sciagurata vittima solo un secondo prima che poi passi a miglior vita, errata la tua conoscenza tolema/ica, non brilli di luce propria e non credere che questo mondo intorno a te ci gira. Eppur si muove, sì mi piace lasciare alla preda quel barlume di colore mentre cola la sua arteria. La chiudo in un bodybag tipo caramella ora sai che mi devi reputare una cosa seria. Memoriali edificandi dove sta bestia si ferma, il mio restare mascherato consono con la tragedia. Che portano onde sonore per cui passeggio stasera, quindi tu guardati intorno quando ti alzi dalla sedia. . [Verse 14: SM]. . [Verse 15: SplytSecond]. As soon as I get the rap on, get the cac on. And twisting it up the capron, feelin' the gas on. The swagger rippin' the fat bong then I slack off. Don't make it cause of catcalls, got the mask on. I feel like I'm bout to spaz, I feel like I'm bout to gas. I'm thinking about the cash and multiplying the stash. But also about the path, a murder leavin' the gashes. All of them getting bloodier with every slash. Now what do you think of that?. I'm prepared to crush spinals. You ain't making music, you can barely touch vinyl. Another face in the lumberjack convention. The Jason Voorhess in the Stanley Cup finals. No face, no case, embrace your fate, die slow. Your rate, so late, so they gon' hate my flow. Aggravated the sons of my method to tipping em off. And then putting them under a spell so bad, they would think it was a typo. . [Verse 16: The Dark Reindeer]. This battleship never sinking, we're shootin down your vessels. We're hotter then fuckin kettles that is boling over lava. The rampage of fucking dragons cruz we're always breathing fire. So take your pick cruz no matter what, you're never be that survivor. From the fucking massacre the crysher never seem to stop. Masking all our faces like this game is just about to be rob. Don't care bout the grudges, they are falling deep within the pit. Of shit that we don't seem to give, so watch my fucking watching Lips. If we are the drug then all your fans will overdose. Because their so addicted to the rhyming of my crew you know. Their breaking all your CDS and your tapes because they found the best. So run into your quarantine because this game we do infect. Console without control is now back within the building. Flow is so violent we do more then fucking bruising. You be losin, we are fucking rising. We keep on with the shootin like we're cowboys of the rapping. . [Verse 17: LiL hOllOw]. Mask in my hand, feel the devil walking. Choir sing this shit, don't see no light, bitch I'm awoken. Emerging from my crib. Aquatic graves, dead bodies floating. New wave of fire spit, entrenched in flames, a place of broken. No point of tryna fix. Shovel me in darkness, psycho carry you to place. Mask on when I run up, you won't ever see my face. Talking shit, I got you with the razor on my waist. Leave your organs in a bottle, left'em then I hide away. Try the shit with activists, I lay up in the grave. Demons talk around it, get the devil of a base. 'Fore these rapper pull up on me then they catch a case. Hollow mean it fucking empty, bitch, the fuck you tryna say?. . [Verse 18: DNA Tru Lyricist]. I'm back can a little xan then hit six nine with strychnine. I can't even begin to explain how sick I-. Am a little upcoming artist that don't respect the craft. R.I.P, I'm at their eulogy, I don't give an epitaph. Like, what the heck is that?. They was belittling the rap game. They need help like middle letters in my last name. Cause David Phelps ain't gonna stand for that. They fumbling over the beat mumbling, can't understand the cats. I'll take the instrumental from 'em, never hand it back. And spit a thick 40 grit, time to stand these cats. It's Tru Lyricist shit, try your hand at that. Hacksawing your hands off, now you're handicapped. I chug a fully lit heat lamps, handle that. I'm the masked man back with the gas can and match. Committing arson over the beat, it starts. With the flow that heat up to a blue flame, catch the carpet. They rose to the sheets on your bed and then the curtain over your head. And you can't send: "The roof is on fire", before you're dead. I am the Tru Lyricist, who comerit this?. Brew to terronistic brewn, characteristical proof. This dude is too coo-coo to conclude. You'll get pulled like a loose tooth when you choose to protrude. Into the booth when you're getting beaten, battered, and bruised. It's either that or a noose, it's cracking adam's apple's in two. Abracadabra dabbling magic like ala-kazoo. Change my style for the crowd, let the calico ruge. I am the Tru Lyricist. DNA appearance with the rearranging schedules. Gettin' sick of licking TNA. But I don't eat her ass, I eat her pussy, then I eat her face. I'll beat the case, then back at it again. They've either seen the way I murder shit, I'm earning it. You better be determined in this tournament. I'll turn the tables quick, I spit it to murder it. And I'm not sassy, just want to break it. I'll spit and straight burn a bitch. I'll curve the bitch and crack her like a bunt for you perturbing it. I'm urban with the city, slick and stickin' a pickaxe in your vertebrae. You're turning into be turning to permanent courtacy of the first chick, murder the wolf creek. I'm cursin' it with the worst speech givin' a person. I know the turgid conversion is like a virgin when she bleeds from the urge. And quick concerned of a person's penis. The meanest entity demon occurrence, I got it burnin' for certain. Like you leavin' the furnace. I'm seen with the words and I'm piecin' the puzzle, spacely perfect. You hate me, it's worth it. Every track, I take it to merk it. Rape it to spurt it. Leave her butt-naked and murdered. The autopsy that I am the surgeon. It was for you, you won't top me, cop me, you refer to the. Rap game rockin' knockin' your murder spree. Rap game taught me not to be slurrin' these words. I type 'em and rap 'em clear with that urgent spit. Surging it, light it, I fight through the dirt and grit. Po-pimping, flipping the pen, slapping the words in it. Masked Men 2, that's a wrap like a tourniquet, bitch. . [Verse 19: VuLvUs]. This just trash, I guarantee. Music is my therapy. But apparently it can't take care of me. I barely stand the air I breathe. They tell me "keep going" but I'm scared of dreams. All I see is parodies of terror scenes. Smoke on the kerosene, go to my lair and scream. Shit, I hope your glarin' shreeks ain't repeat. Like a parakeet to dilemma's fleets. I'm the rarest breed of embarrassing paris scene to think it's bad parenting. It's just I know the only thing repairing me. Is getting in Sarah's jeans till she swears and creams. Oh, the barrels sing when I pull the trigger. If I'm signed to you, I'm known as a foolish man, but coolest winter. But I'll still turn your school to embers. Let's go on a new adventure. And listen to my stupid scriptures where you get ripped, bruh. Sick of being treated like shit like my name's Kunta Kinte. If you hate what you suggest I do to vent hunt, how I knew I snitched ya. Only time I get love is when your bitch clicks once and becomes a victim. Of Stockholm syndrome. In love with me cause she thinks I'll get income. Gives me a dick rub from a quick cum to a metal kit drum. When I slit tongues with stick'em. This is what happens when you're negative on the search for merits. I'm scared of the hitter apple materials. They think I'm a terrorist and call the fucking sheriffs. All dog emotions I'm airin'. It's funny how a hobby became an errand. Lost so many companions chasing a mansion. I hope y'all vanish and fucking perish. Why am I so misunderstood like I'm a parrot. Speaking Spanish in Paris and it's causing so much fucking damage. That I want to be banished, become a phantom. Got the energy to make your hair fritz. Couple mosh pits on my transcripts. Still gotta travel by local transit. Still feel like a one man clique. I panic, before the emails I'm spammed with. Music this, music that, I just want xanax. Fuck all these people tryna gain advances. I already know how all the fans switch. While my brand is expansive from the Ukraine to Kansas. Fuck being aromatic, fuck marriage. Fuck a horse in a carriage. Females only love me for my antics. So I only want to choke her with my baby carrot. Yah, baby carrot, yah. Bitch, swallow my ranch dip. It's apparent, I'm arrogant. Until I'm a parent then. I gotta care give, while being a heretic. Now it's time for my solo guitar airin'. Yuh, aye. When I'm GASSED, why I SMASH. I say "look at my PAST". Heart is BLACK, AGH. Shattered like GLASS, cut with the GRASS. Pull up with the MASK, and make you COLLAPSE. Take all of your CASH, that's the only way I'll LAST, YAH. Only way I'll LAST, drown all my problems in a FLASK. Fuck the struggle, I'm the NEXT BEST. Everything I love turns to ASH. Gone in a FLASH. I'm fucking TRASH. GAH. . [Outro: VuLvUs]. Now, you see. They call me a psycho. But that's not very fair, is it?. How are you to judge me? Without even knowing me?. {laughter}. I'll leave your fucking casked from that laugh. {laughter}. I'm not really insane, guys. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm not- I'm not really crazy, am I?. Not really crazy, am I?. Huh? Huh?. Nolan? Am I crazy? Am I crazy?. LyteSpeed, am I crazy?. Why is my voice so deep right now?. Why is my voice so deep right now? Oh my god. {laughter}Embed