'Til I'm six feet deep. I'm ten toes down. But I'm six feet deep. I'm only 5'8", I could stand in my grave. Never take a knee, unless it's when the anthem play. You could get capped (Kap’d) for this shit. They gon' probably boo me. Probably go and burn my jersey. Hurt me after this shit. They ain't judgin' when I reminisce on a gat. That I had in a mattress rip. Cops wasn't catchin' no shit. And a nigga had the packages lit. But they wanna string a brother up. Soon as they feel like I'm on a activist tip. I be contemplating shuttin' viaducts down. Cross-legged, on some pacifist shit. Just rollin' the Buddha, we blow it to Allah. Make my momma say. "Jesus Christ that's some dank marijuana". Blow steam, I'm a sauna. North Americana. The flags and the lies in the textbooks - that colonial drama. As a youngin' with honor, I had no thanks given. Cause there was no meal and no thanks and no givin'. Just death or the prison, or they taking your children. Now cops in the buildin'. It was the plantation, now its government basic. No laundry no basement. Two rooms and some lame shit. Boxed in on some slave shit. Just gravel and paved shit, with the faded brick. No degree, but he faded fresh with the jays and shit. All material, that's his favorite. Cause his hope was gone third grade and shit. When his daddy left, incarceration trip. And his momma work, servin' and waitin' tips. The world never gave a shit, so why would he wait a bit?. Why would life matter to him?. If y'all favorite statistics depicted no story besides:. That "he was more likely to be in a line of fire than you and I". For you that's a liberal comment, for him that's just live and die. So he down to ride, got his toes down got his squabbles right. Finna throw down if they testin', even a youngin' be flexin'. The strongest survived 'til they pulled out a weapon. Then he got to steppin', or death was the lesson. Now, he shook but he has to assume that it's destined. That God won't forget him. So he don't ask for no pistol protection. Don't look for no vest and he don't even stress it. He hold up his chest and. He holdin' shit down for his momma. 'Til one day at block intersection. He runs into all the same niggas that checked him. Sayin' that they ain't forget him. They want they respect, they ain't takin' no cheques. "run the cash and the 7". IPhone, momma ain't came home 'til 7 in the morn'. 7 months straight just to get him. (What?) and that's when it bit him. He couldn't just let the shit slide. He leaned to the side like Ali just to get 'em. Float like a butterfly to the rhythm. Bullets sting like a bee when they hit him. His momma gone never forgive 'em. "Them babies went took my lil baby. Now lawyers gone book them two babies. Now that's three families no grand babies". You ain't seein' what's wrong then you crazy. Actin' like racism died in 1965. But I'm from Canada just over 25. And I've been called a nigga 'least a hunnid times. And I'm mixed too, keep that in mind. Either fight the power and accept myself. Or get my ass in line to be somebody else. I could never play somebody's elf. We was slave once now we free ourselves. With the mental and the economic wealth. For a revolution - they don't wanna help?. So we gotta fix this shit our fuckin self. That's why we never on our knees. Never Let It Be 'til we on our Beatles shit. That's why we never give 'em peace. Never Let It Be 'til we on our Beatles shit. That's why we never on our knees. Never Let It Be 'til we on our Beatles shit. All We Need Is Love. Take a knee and really thank the lord that we breathin' quick. Then it's... . Ten toes down. 'Til I'm six feet deep. I'm ten toes down. 'Til I'm six feet deep. And I'm only 5'8". I could stand in my grave. Boy I don't never take a knee. Unless it's when the anthem play. Cause I'm ten toes down. 'Til I'm six feet deep. Nigga I'm ten toes down. 'Til I'm six feet deep. And I'm only five eight. I could stand in my grave. Boy I don't never take a knee. Unless it's when the anthem play. You might also likeHe had it made. With the hoop dreams and the Jay's. Shirt with the new team, and the braids. 350 boost Ye's, he the wave5Embed