Well I'm 19, met a beautiful girl. But her heart wasn't as beautiful and it broke my world. 20 years old and i found another. Now I'm her next nicotine, it was like no other. . So now I'm thinking I don't need friends, I don't even need a home. I'm 'a move across the country, start again on my own. That plan fell through too, everything's fading fast. Maybe this Cleveland kid wasn't meant to last. So now I flash back to the last days of eighth grade. When I didn't know my whole world was about to change. Yeah I peaked in high school, I'm not afraid to admit it. Maybe it was all the praise, all the good jobs that did it. . You're doing so amazing, the whole world is yours. Well you're gonna get the job and you're gonna get the girl. Now run along to college and you'll be just fine. No there's no way you'll have to drop out twice. . [Chorus]. This song's for anyone who's ever felt cast out, left out. Anyone who's ever had a rumor about them. Anyone who hasn't been happy since they were ten. Life was easier back then. Easier back then, easier back then. Oh. . [Verse 2]. So now I'm turning 21 and the rumors all continue. Yeah they're just lies but they take up all my tissues. Lose friends, make friends, the rumors are back again. But they all believe me, is that where the story ends?. . Is this a new chapter, new day? Chapter two on the way. Maybe it's just a phase, maybe I should play it safe. Back to the lab, back to the board again. Me and my roommate self-hate gotta settle the score again. You might also likeBut things are changing 'cause they texted me first. And I wrote them a song, so it means I'm not cursed. The world is different, and I'm better off. Chapter two on the way so here's the cutoff. . [Bridge]. Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going. Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going. Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going. Gotta keep on going, gotta keep on going. . [Chorus]. This song's for anyone who's ever felt cast out, left out. Anyone who's ever had a rumor about them. Anyone who hasn't been happy since they were ten. Life was easier back then. Easier back then, easier back then. Oh. . Anyone who's ever felt cast out, left out. (Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going). Anyone who's ever had a rumor about them. (Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going). Anyone who hasn't been happy since they were ten. (Write a semicolon, you gotta keep on going). Life was easier back then. (Gotta keep on going). Easier back then, easier back then. (Gotta keep on going). OhEmbed