Yeah, big up all my people of all colour, big up my white mates Love for life, you get me? You see these feds? Fuck off, bruv. Aah ahh ahh ah. . [Hook]. I've only just realized why I had feds on my back like this. If they acted like black lives matter, I wouldn't have to make a track like this. They say freedom's free. How come our culture had to pay fees?. Man's not ignorant, I got reasons why I don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Not the uniforms, CID or Trident or any chiefs. My life matters to my white mates, how come it don't matter to police?. [Verse 1]. Yo, I'm so glad someone upstairs blessed me. 'Cause I woulda been in jail like my bestie. I've never had police as a teacher. So why's it everyday they wanna test me?. Everyone tells me to calm down but you know what today I don't care 'cause it gets me. Would you believe me if I told you they go out of their to find an excuse to arrest me?. Kicked off the door to my mum's house, waving a warrant saying I was a looter. Fifteen officers in riot gear, the estate must have thought I was a shooter. My mum phoned me, shocked, pissed off, all because of this authority-abuser. But on the night those riots kicked off, I was on a beach somewhere in St. Lucia. Handcuffed my bro, they thought he was me. These times he didn't even look thirteen. Clearly they didn't know who they were looking for, does any of this sound right?. Took my hoodies as proof it was, a police officer even said it was me. My passport proves I weren't in the country, does any of this sound right?. What they stand for is bullshit, nothing but contradictions. Treat me like a flipping criminal, and I ain't even got a conviction. I could have been sent to court and tried. Bail probably would have been denied. I could have lost everything and been in jail, all because a policemen lied. . [Hook]. I've only just realized why I had feds on my back like this. If they acted like black lives matter, I wouldn't have to make a track like this. They say freedom's free. How come our culture had to pay fees?. Man's not ignorant, I got reasons why I don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Not the uniforms, CID or Trident or any chiefs. My life matters to my white mates, how come it don't matter to police?. [Verse 2]. I got tired of paying the cab man, so I bought a brand new whip, I was gassed fam. Nah, after every two roads I drive down, I got police following me like a mad man. Out of all the excuses I hear, I think I find this one most amusing. Unarmed police, pull me over in East, claiming my car was involved in a shooting. I said 'if it was, then you should nick me,' cause nobody drives this car but me'. He said 'we ain't going to do that, we just want to see your details, please'. 'Oi, you're going to let me go? Am I going mad? Is this some joke?'. 'I just said if there was a shooting, I must have been there, but you're going to let me go?'. Another policeman lies to my face, and you're telling me they're here to keep us safe?. I got mad, hit him with intelligent punchlines, you should have seen his face. He panicked, eventually he toppled over. Said there were no shooting, it's cos I was black with a nice car, we just follow our computer and all it said was to pull you over. JJ and Remo as my witness, Miles' girl just joined the force, she rang somebody in the family and told them they saw my car in the meeting board. What the fuck? Why you wanna give man trouble?. I ain't even got a criminal conviction, I can't even remember the last time I was in trouble, but these pricks still want to burst my bubble. . [Hook]. I've only just realized why I had feds on my back like this. If they acted like black lives matter, I wouldn't have to make a track like this. They say freedom's free. How come our culture had to pay fees?. Man's not ignorant, I got reasons why I don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Not the uniforms, CID or Trident or any chiefs. My life matter to my white mates, how come it don't matter to police?. [Break]. You get me, Swifta? How come man's white mates rate man, but these pussyhole feds don't rate man? Ay, wagwan? Some mad stereotype ting cah you can be white, dressed like man, wear hats and hoods like man, tracksuits, whatever, roll with man and they'll treat you light, fam. Like, they hate man that much, ay wagwan, don't act blind, this thing is real. FUCK THE POLICE. . [Hook]. I've only just realised why I had feds on my back like this. If they acted like black lives matter, I wouldn't have to make a track like this. They say freedom's free. How come our culture had to pay fees?. Man's not ignorant, I got reasons why I don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Man don't chat to police, man don't chat to police. Not the uniforms, CID or Trident or any chiefs. My life matter to my white mates, how come it don't matter to police?. . [Outro]. Get me? Fuck these pagans. Fuck the police, man. Every single word in this ting is real. The story is real, blud. They keep thinking they can violate man. Like, what, they got some next kind of triple A pass in life to choose what they can do and what we can do and limit man? It's definitely not that, fam. What, 'cause man's black and man's got a brand new whip, I have to be a shotter? Like, that's what man was saying, that's what man was saying when he pulled man over. 'I believe you are a shotter', 'Why?', ''Cause your car's brand new and you're black and you're young, fam.' What the fuck is that? What is that, fam? A police officer said I was involved in a riot, named me, said it was me in a picture you can't see, you can't even see if the person's black or white, but they claimed it was me, until I had to show the, my passport and show them I weren't in the fucking country at the time of the riots. Wagwan for that? What's that? See all these people acting like it don't happen over here, these things don't happen over here, I am living proof it's definitely happening, you get me? Man might not be getting killed, but there's definitely other stuff going on. It's been going on and it's still going on, fam. Fucking open your eyes, stop acting blind, fucking pussyholesYou might also like2Embed