. I'm joy of joy another beautiful day. Smell that fresh air. It's so invigorating. Yes sir I sure feel great. . {Verse 1 - Jack Harper}. . I'm Petrified inside. I must imply, I'm so alive. So defined, with a sober mind. Yet geeked out, like im on a high. Look shanghai with these crooked eyes. Like bangcock in the night sky. I'm on route, shit, but i can't get, where i want to go, like a drunk drive. This college life, its not all that, just a waste of cash, for this wall plaque. And Its hard that, im still stuck strapped. With my backpack full of bullshit!. Young rich kids, i really hate em though. They'll keep winning shit, just like a golden globe. No spinal cord, so no back bone, to keep them straight up, its kinda funny bone. It's funny homes, the way the money grows. Like chief keef tryna be acceptable be Or the AB clowns at the sectionals. I just want to be a voice in dicimals. But i can't, cause im white, and i like the advise. But its right that i fight and i fight for the right. Cause the fact that im stuck in this dorm outta spite. Is the tie to this whack generation mine. {Verse 2 - CEO}. . First of all let me say I'm glad to be back. As if I ever left that's just how you mother fuckers is actin. Now I'm harassin, but better bet shit is a crime of passion. As passionate as a masculine man is cus if his daughters are crashing fast cars he'll have him a heart attack quick as obesity climbin when you walk into burger basket. Isn't recommended but don't be offended you do it. You followin what you knowledge is but your knowledge is college is everything and anything opposite is simply childish. C'mon lil boy do work don't moan. Make it to Ivy League and it'll be your 2nd home. You got your entire life to worry bout student loans DRONE. . {Verse 3 - Jack Harper}. . Lately I've been consistent, forbidden from repetition. Effecting my mind and body but im thanking god for wisdom. For what its worth. And with purpose , my service will determine, the length that ill go, in circles. My verses, are concerning. To the youth among us. Instructors, are looking dumber than stedge. While on the come up the suffering was doing numbers. But god damn, I'll make it if i gotta sell my soul. I'm lyin and have decided that music a lonely road. I'll summand all of the rappers who seemed to think that they had it. But i am more than a savage, you'll see me just like a shadow. And all the magic is mastered. you'll think im reppin orlando. Just rappers from out the roc. And were shocking like popa dock. When he froze like rochester . When cops spinin the block. The struggle is still among us, like buckets full of abundance. The blood is known as the roughest. A game of actin the toughest. From sweat, tears, and the set fears of negative judgement. You might also likeCEO. . . {Verse 4 - CEO}. . Murder attacker, insomniac, and a narcoleptic. I'm building it faster, a bastard dastardly slayin skeptics. I come to the pasture and tell the pastor to line his s's. Dollar signs, sell my soul to god on the dotted line. They said I need some peace of mind but I'm out of mine. Brainless, I'm walkin, a zombie, I promise ill be fine. Pop me a Molly n die like guys in NYC. Im on the stairway to heaven and You bet that zeppelin knockin. I'm screamin out hail sellasie. This ignorance fills my body. I watched a documentary. Now feelin like I'm a marley. I smoke tree bitch. You want an interest from me?. You gotta sell me dreams bigger than a college degree. . . {Verse 5 - Jack Harper}. . Attention to my peers, these lyrics here to educate. Lost but i've been found like idolizing what the preachers say. We misguided but tolerate what the leaders delegate. The teachers are the problem, while they fetus like a toddler. Hey, i'd stop em, but god sent an apocalypse. Disinfecting the violence. Tying up the villains like i was fixing a moccasin. God blessed, and im proud of it. God sent, like a protestant. Minishaul but living inside if a world of politics. I will abolish the cocky confident suckas who claim their humble and moddest. You're nice on the court i gotcha. But failing the economics. Im chasing after the profits, A workaholic, deserving deposits like in my stocking. I..I need a breath, but im honest ,whenever rhyming. Tsunami like when im flowing. Or Nagasaki when bombin the beat. And i will demolish, these other rochester rappers, like spitting was new ebonics.. For low lifes. . {Hook - CEO}. . Everybody get up and raise your hands. My generation you got to take a stand. Liberate a state that's in demand. And watch the music of our generation take over the land. . {Verse 6 - Jack Harper}. . Now as i... Dismember the beat i speak to the people that didn't think i would make it like i was evel kenevil. No body's workin like me. And i can't relate to the streets but i've seen it all in return, and i even kept the recipt. I tweet my vision, with all  the opinions of all the millions of little kids. Thinkin writtens are Illegitimate.. Listen... But egotistical critics Hate those of us with ambition to make a name for ourselves..and im the one who had sensed it. The recommended route is printed on all intelligent children. Like barcodes. To limit us, building us up a wall. Like the humpty dumpy was spittin the sickest shit while imprisoned. The giver like louis lowery,  Sickest within the fiction. Get it? I guess my penmanship pimpin. While i'm sending these bars and i'm including the shipping. I went from bagging some groceries at wegmans to living. What i always envisioned, like there was never a limit.. Come on!. . . {Hook - CEO}. . Everybody get up and raise your hands. My generation you got to take a stand. Liberate a state that's in demand. And watch the music of our generation take over the land. . Everybody get up. Everybody get up. Everybody get up it's in demand. And watch the music of our generation take over the land. Everybody get up. Everybody get up. Everybody get up it's in demand. And watch the music of our generation take over the land. . . {Verse 7 Jack Harper & CEO}. Jack Harper. . My generation is soon to sweep the nation. I'm soon to say i made it, for everybody whos hatin. I'm sick of the critics trying to solve it, like algebraic. But god only knows that visions are given to who waited. So hang tight, your moment might be right around the corner. Cause passion is soon profession to poppin like i was soda. Its green lights, so stoppin was not the option i plotted. I'm waiting for opportunities, knockin, like it was cops.... . CEO. . My generation, my generation, my generation. Actin complacent, I tell me all just look at my face and. You from the bottom well mother fucka I'm in the basement. Under you but above you always, no time for debatin. Nick said snap. Misch said snap. I'm gonna snap like a mother fuckin rubber band. I rap like an iPhone app cause I give you 4 bars in a radio shack. You rap like an iPhone app in the middle of the wilderness with no connect...... . (Hello). . (Adios). . . {Hook - CEO}. Everybody get up and raise your hands. My generation you got to take a stand. Liberate a state that's in demand. And watch the music of our generation take over the land. . {Bettys Collins}. . I'd Rather Be With You.....Embed