. They growl and show their teeth, two wolves inside of me. Both of them hungry, and both of them trying to eat. They growl and show their teeth, at war inside of me. Only one can live, only one can breath. One wants to see me grow, one wants to see me bleed. One overcome with love, one overcome with greed. Strength for the fight, energy to succeed. The battle inside is sending me to my knees. Hate vs love, the worst enemies. Only one can live, death vs victory. Which one thrives is all up to me. Because the one that survives is the one that I feed. The one that survives is the one that you feed. Hate vs Love, worst enemies. But the one that survives is the one that you feed. It’s so loud in my head right now. The two wolves at war just won’t settle down. I never thought up in moment how my mood must’ve affected you. Looking back at my actions those things don’t feed my soul. Though you’ll never see it coming these moments are testing you. You think you don’t have it in you but one thing that I know…. Life’s a trip, I’m tripping. . I won’t shout my anger and whisper my kindness sometimes it takes pain to remind us. And If I could I wouldn’t relive it, replay or rewind it, I don’t believe. The best days are behind us. I am a rough approximation of all the information. That’s ever been provided to me. This is my interpretation I appreciate your patience. I am who I decided to be. But I won’t put my honor on the shelf. Dishonorable ain't nobody honest with themselves. If I’m really being honest, I’m a ghost, I’m a shell. I’m buying up everything that they’re offering to sell. Now I’m aware of what I think about and dwell upon, running. Choked out the bad, now I’m here living and love it. No fear dearly beloved. I’m speaking from the back of my throat and pit of my stomach. It’s never too late for a change…. Keep any promise I made even when my mood fades. Learned the hard way to think before I open my mouth. I made a map, I configured a route. I sit alone and think often riddled with doubt. Hoping that one day we figure it out. You might also likeI never thought up in moment how my mood must’ve affected you. Looking back at my actions those things don’t feed my soul. Though you’ll never see it coming these moments are testing you. You think you don’t have it in you but one thing that I know…. Life’s a trip, I’m tripping. . They growl and show their teeth, two wolves inside of me. Both of them hungry, and both of them trying to eat. They growl and show their teeth, at war inside of me. Only one can live, only one can breath. One wants to see me grow, one wants to see me bleed. One overcome with love, one overcome with greed. Strength for the fight, energy to succeed. The battle inside is sending me to my knees. Hate vs love, the worst enemies. Only one can live, death vs victory. Which one thrives is all up to me. Because the one that survives is the one that I feed. The one that survives is the one that you feed. Hate vs Love, worst enemies. But the one that survives is the one that you feed. It’s so loud in my head right now. The two wolves at war just won’t settle downEmbed