. {Verse 1}. . I used to hoop dream now its ball point pen. My grades ain't been right since the weed of the stem. I had the skill to make it all the time that I spent. Ironic I dropped the ball its about time that I vent. Haunted by how it happened, I stayed woke started napping. The vibrant whispers closed captioned. I close my eyes and start snapping. I could feel it in the air. Over both shoulders which way to look nobody there its weird.... Wonder who can I run to with my back against the wall, no door my shell would crack if I hit the floor. Rising from the dirt the jewels I couldn’t price em all. I hit the blunt i'm poured mixing with the rich and poor. Life's a bitch or my dog, The Lord holding answers towards the fork in the road, I could fish with the sword and the picture would pause. Poetry like ripping the gauze, giving the gift with the cause of course i’m on course, lifting the force, tongue kissing the wars, smoke drift in the lungs hip hop on record, soul ripping the wall. Underdogs the sense I rhyme till it ain't hitting no more. {Hook}. . When I failed it hurt me. Feels like the devil cursed me, but good God the Lords MERCY!!!. MERCY....MERCY....MERCY.....LORDDDD. The devil couldn't even jerk me. Life's a bitch and she perfect, just as long as she's working. Its MERCY...MERCY....MERCY....MERCY. And we ten toes sturdy I could see that i'm worthy. Observe me dog, I hope you heard me. Its MERCY...MERCY...MERCY....LORDDD. . {Verse 2}. . God body at true peace I could transcend death. Your loyal eternal servant put this hurt in until i'm laid to rest. My ghost will haunt my body your blood cover flesh with no dough to stretch. Feed the masses each passage so in depth. Gotta put your self own word bond ya own connect. Food for thought there is beauty where you ain't notice yet. All the bars tell a story, Invest some and hold the rest for me. I only focus on whats important. Dali with no llama unless the war pop off. Still got the hawk Kent Bazemore on point playing off ball. Every little thing counts add up the rain it pours. Thats how i’ve grown off the pain, time frames the void. Love is submissive, slow flows tame the joy. Block gospels for your nostrils. Lock load aim deploy. Mic weapon starts steaming shots the barrel hot. Spirit roam to visit Lord park my peace in vacant lot. Get it how you live if the time ever stop. Im on the grind if i’m here or not. 24 seconds on the shot clock i'm on writers block. I think Dali needed Dot it’s Love. You might also like. {Hook}. . When I failed it hurt me. Feels like the devil cursed me, but good God the Lords MERCY!!!. MERCY....MERCY....MERCY.....LORDDDD. The devil couldn't even jerk me. Life's a bitch and she perfect, just as long as she's working. Its MERCY...MERCY....MERCY....MERCY. And we ten toes sturdy I could see that i’m worthy. Observe me dog, I hope you heard me. Its MERCY...MERCY...MERCY....LORDDDEmbed