. Verse - Drop a hit then fuck yo bitch who at the top I need the list didn’t wanna holla now they tryna blow a kiss. I put my heart into that shit blood sweat and tears was locked up for years had face my fears. Now I’m switching gears I’m tryna to get a deal still dropping bags just to showem that it’s real. Throw the steal pop a pill time to kill I was knocking shit out in that box for tryna take my meal. System real my brother in that box saw my dog the other day I heard he smoking rocks. Learn from the pops always stand tall every time u stumble they waiting for you to fall. Killers on call catching coming threw the mall hit him to he drunk preacher singing like Paul. Throw them bodies in they gon find him later bombed that nigga up you’ll think he in labor. I’m watching hello neighbor I don’t know what happen thought it was drum line the way we had them sticks clappin’. Strip club hit it up ass clapping thought they was gon spin but them niggas know them dudes capping. What happen I’m steppin in the sand got these niggas scared in I’m only one man. Upstate shit bout to hit him wit a pan fuck friends where u was at when I was in the can. Cowards ran took the stand in left his man I was gon take the lick guess that’s was the plan. Y’all don’t understand I’m bringing you inside my life I’m slinging pipes your favorite rapper like to type. Fuck my life where the knife high as a kite they wanted me to kill my self but I only sliced twice. Niggas ratting I hate mice but I love shooting dice tryna stick up the  game bitch I hope you shooting right. Dm All the rappers telling them I’m the hottest out then come the promo and they got cotton mouth. Well we can box it out  Guarantee i knock him out took a couple years I anit use to coping out. Did the crime did the time almost lost my mind but never threw a nigga in the line. Ima get rich or die trying your favorite rapper lieing selling trash in I anit buying I’m lion. David vs goliath lil whop bout to start a riot hold on where my shank I gotta hide it. I’m fouling like horse I don’t need a chorus Heard he want smoke well fuck blow up the Taurus. Where the forest man I miss Marley g when that nigga died drugs  starting Polluting me. But they anit get a Eulogy  Been to hell and back I don’t think that you should see. Now Im all on tv Rest In Peace Cooley still love you velle bitch I’m snapping like a movie. Thought I was casted out but now I got the trophy sliding in Benz return of the goalie. God holy but I gotta get them back bitch im up one I anit use to shooting back. I smashed that bar where we at the plug calling back grab the pack grab the stack. Jordan’s off the rack bitch I’m down to go make sure that shit right don’t for get to drop the lo. Shit different we was poor now Im eating more where the rap snacks spent a band in the store “Bitch”. Outro- Well i guess we can’t fit a chorus Ya heard me “Mykel”, Do it like that Big huncho, Big WhopYou might also likeEmbed