. Kidou sura kaerarenai kurai no kakuritsu da to shite mo. IPAASENTO demo areba mochiron teikou desho?. Shosen, "unmei" to nagetsukerareta tte, No I Won't!. Hikkuri kaeshite, Because datte kimi to mirai wo miretara saikou janai?. . //Even if the percentage can't even change the orbit. If there's as less as even one per cent shouldn't I obviously resist?. After all, it was thrown to me as "fate" but, no I won't!. I'll turn it around, because if I could see the future with you wouldn't it be great?\\. Bring it on! cuz I'm jus gonna grow up in the battle HEY!! buchinuku donten!. Still burning my fire ten wo kirsaku raimei I gotta kakikesu Nightmare tada mirai ga mitakute!. Kako, mirai, soshite ikiteru ima, I ain't scared of my past and now for takusareta asu. Screaming out for my pride!!. . //Bring it on! cause I'm just gonna grow up in the battle HEY!! I'll push through the cloudy sky. Still burning my fire the thunder slashes the sky I gotta drown out the nightmare I just want to see the future!. Past, Future, and the Now we live in, I ain't scared of my past and now for the entrusted past. Screaming out for my pride!!\\. . Namida mitakunai kara, sakebi tsudzukeru yo! Zutto... (I'm never falling down! oi kaze wo se ni fukitobasu Destiny!). Kono senaka ni aru, egao mamoritai kara! Zutto... (I gotta blast off your pain for you and me! kanashimi nante Rest in peace!). Nando demo... . //I don't want to see tears, so I'll keep screaming! All the way.... (I'm never falling down! With the tail wind behind me I'll blow away Destiny!). Because I want to protect this smile at my back! All the way.... (I gotta blast off you pain for you and me! let the sadness rest in peace!). No matter how many times...\\. . Kioku nai no hashikko no hou de "mou tsurai" to kabe wo tataite mo. NanPAASENTO demo, boku wa mou furikaeranai darou. Risei no Rain furidashitatte All I know!. Mayowanai sa Because datte kimi to kanaetai yume ga asu ni aru kara. You might also like//Even if in the corner of my heart I pound the wall saying "It's hard". No matter what per cent, I probably won't turn back anymore. Even if the rain of reason starts to fall All I know!. I won't get lost because in tomorrow I have a dream that I want to fulfill with you\\. . Akatsuki matotte hangekida soldiers follow me now. Don't you ever stop! We pay it back in spades right!. Ama no jaku na kankaku wo play back! urei naku ikiru no sa kono setsuna. Struggle, sorrow, They'll disappear like bubbles but dare mo kesenai mune no naka no candle!. Screaming out for your pride!!. . //We'll clad ourselves in dawn and counterattack soldiers follow me now. Don't you ever stop!We pay it back in spades right!. Play back the perverse nature! I'll live this moment without sorrow. Struggle, sorrow, They'll disappear like bubbles but no one can blow out the candle in my heart!. Screaming out for your pride!!\\. . Kokoro wo moyashite, terashi tsudzukeru yo zutto... (Nobody can blow out my fire kesenai! koeru haiiro no sekai!). Mayowanai you ni, miushinawanai you ni zutto... (Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way! kamawanai I'm gonna be your light!). So take my hands!!. . //I'll burn my heart, and keep lighting it up All the way.... (Nobody can blow out my fire can't erase! I'll overcome the grey world!). So that I won't hesitate, so that I wont lose sight All the way.... (Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way! I don't care I'm gonna be your light!). So take my hands!!\\. We gotta stand up and go with the pride  It's like the sun rising way over the clouds. . We gotta stand up and go with the pride  It's like the sun rising way over the clouds. . //We gotta stand up and go with the pride  It's like the sun rising way over the clouds. . We gotta stand up and go with the pride  It's like the sun rising way over the clouds\\. . Namida mitakunai kara sekebi tsudzukeru yo! Zutto... (I'm never fallng down! oi kaze wo se ni kakitobasu Destiny!). Kono senaka ni aru, egao mamoritai kara! Zutto... (I gotta blast off your pain for and me! kanashimi nante Rest in peace!). . //I don't want to see tears, so I'll keep screaming! All the way.... (I'm never falling down! With the tail wind behind me I'll scratch away Destiny!). Because I want to protect this smile at my back! All the way.... (I gotta blast off you pain for you and me! let the sadness rest in peace!)\\. . Kokoro wo moyashite, terashi tsudzukeru yo zutto... . //I'll burn my heart, and keep lighting it up All the way...\\. . (Nobody can blow out my fire kesenai! koeru haiiro no sekai!). Mayowanai you ni, miushinawanai you ni zutto... (Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way! kamawanai I'm gonna be your light!). So take my hand!!. . //(Nobody can blow out my fire can't erase! I'll overcome the grey world!). So that I won't hesitate, so that I wont lose sight All the way.... (Don't blind your eyes, if you're lost on the way! I don't care I'm gonna be your light!). So take my hand!!\\Embed