On my way to Bootsy Bellows with hella the hoes. Try and think what I'ma tell 'em when they get alone. I'm a glutton for women I shouldn't yearn for. Shouldn't be tempted, but baby, I like to hurt, or. Maybe 'cause I was searchin', I found me the perfect person. But me and her didn't work out, she buried what she worked for. And I carried the bitterness of a kola nut. Nigerian shit, my parents never showed much. Womanizer, probably could've been a feminist. 'Cause I respect 'em, but Lord, I got polygamy problems. The hoodie come from Barneys, spendin' money is therapeutic. To wear the shit they don't think that you care to buy. So we buying Prada, Balenciaga like it is nada. In the Ferrari, my fear is God and tax problems. Pyer Moss, I dropped ten on my last visit. And half that up at Saks, I favor black businesses. [Chorus]. Sue me, l'm rootin' for everybody that black, yeah, uh huh, yeah. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black, yo, yo yo, look, look. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black. Spent 'bout two racks on handmade durags. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black. That's everybody from sports to college class to rap, I'm back. . [Verse 2]. Hold up, yo, look. People, people, the high life is a movie, we ain't promised a sequel. Ambition, my second album, how was you sleepin'?. Dropped the album with Seinfeld, they thought I was tweakin'. A prophet, a genius. I'm flyin' with Lena, I'm ridin' with Nina. One write for the Chi, one right where I need her. The funny thing is I'll always be single. I love me some Logan, I love me some Issa. I'll never get either. Those women are queens, me? I'm a drunk, I'm a demon. Heaven knows I'm a dreamer. I seen Taraji and Kelvin, always hope I could be that. I fell in love with an actress actin' like she don't need me. Polarizin' the sun, underrated again. Show business will never love you the way you love it. You come and we go, they quick to forget. So every bourgeois event I attend, I tell 'em this. You might also like[Chorus]. Sue me, l'm rootin' for everybody that black, yeah, uh huh, yeah. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black, yo, yo yo, look, look. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black. Spent 'bout two racks on handmade durags. Sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that black. That's everybody from sports to college class to rap, I'm back. . [Bridge]. I need you to know you're so beautiful. I need you to know you're so beautiful, oh. . [Outro]. Okay, sue me, I'm rootin' for everybody that's black. Everybody be asking my sixth album my last. I'm super sick of this business. My daughter missin' me, nigga. The whip is bullet repellent. But they gon' kill me with tax. Niggas really on clout, they ain't checkin' for stats. Who a decade or better, givin' niggas decadent rap. Respect is in order, hate me, better do it loud. Root for everybody black, haters say "That's crazy, wow". That's crazy, wow2Embed