Supreme (Supreme, Supreme) [repeat 8x]. . [Verse 1]. Supreme people living with they backs aligned. Up against the wall cause these days are asinine. Livin' in a money matrix, how cats survive. Some will fade away and wither, others will blast a 9. Kings and queens workin' nine to fives. And making nothing searching for a deeper purpose in life. This can't be life, with all this work this can't be right. Without no money in my pocket I just can't see right. I used to try to preach to youngins like, "Do right kids". Now-a-days all that I can say is, "Get it how you live". Live how you get it, shit!. Don't nobody wanna get.... A promotion up to fry cook like little Calvin did. Some would rather take a gamble, hey they might do bids. The allure of fast money in this hell-bound system. Got you lookin' at two-hundred bucks a week. Versus, like a thousand in a day. Tell me what makes more sense to these. [Hook]. Supreme (Supreme, Supreme) [repeat 8x]. . [Verse 2]. Trapped like rats in mazes for the cheese. Every natural resource is here, we don't really need money. But certain people need power over people. They act like that cause they're trapped inside their ego-sphere. And now you can't feel free. Without material possessions, you can't just be. And without 'em you're left stressin', so anxiously. So you grab the Smith & Wesson, then aim, then squeeze. To get what's comin' to ya. The block's so hot, it blew the top off the thermometer. The rush for drama is more appealing than a plain life. Cause life is insane, so insanity is a sane life. It's so easy to see, simple as day and night. Supreme people born out of the way of the light. Into darkness, trying to fly straight. To some folks it's like being a fish swimming with sharks, shit!. . Perhaps not since men turned their ears to the preachings of a mere prophet 2000 years ago have the words of humble men reached so many with such force. And, perhaps because it has been burning so long, now smoldering, now bursting into hot flames, now hastily covered over to smolder again until the next outbreak. . [Hook]. Supreme (Supreme, Supreme) [repeat 8x]. You might also like[Verse 3]. Supreme people only want the best and a. Supreme people won't settle for less than a. Straight from royalty put inside projects and a. Capitalist system that don't make sense to ya. Supreme people put against the fence, get a. Bit irate and hostile if you ain't fixing the. Problem you created that made these conditions up. A little reparation for your acts are sin to us. Supreme people ride or die to get the bucks. Some by any means so, hey, lock your benzes up. Tuck your chain and watch and keep your defenses up. All they wanna do is live it up like you cause they're. . [Hook]. Supreme (Supreme, Supreme) [repeat 8x]. . Supreme. Supreme. SupremeEmbed