Born into a world. Where we're dying to be free. But we're living underneath their supremacy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. . [Verse 1]. See I was raised in the west. Where we stay stressed. Where they lie if they have to to make an arrest. 'Cause we living in the shadow of the suburbs. While the price of this house going upwards. I don't understand how. The poor get robbed by the rich and they calling it a handout (Aw, hell nah). And it's evident. The neighborhood fucked up. Got us sending letters to the president. Tell me, can you hear us. Through the sound of the sirens?. And you wonder why the streets getting violent. Another mother shed tears at the cemetery. Burying her first born child (Damn). I've been watching through the years. Got my nerves firing, waking up screaming. And we live in a cold sweat. Segregated, they consider us a known threat. So we hopeless, ayy. [Chorus]. Born into a world. Where we're dying to be free. (I just wanna be free, let's go). But we're living underneath their supremacy. (Looking out from, we ain't out from. Their supremacy). One day you'll see us but until then we'll all sit and wait for the rapture. (Ain't no more waiting). . [Verse 2]. They trying to relegate my DNA (Nah). Break it down into something easier to hate (Uh). They afraid of the outcome. 'Cause the race that they call human keep evolving and they know they will get outrun. (That's why, huh?). Still behind on the times, yeah. Protest culture on strike like lightning (Damn). Losing hold and control, so we rising. Put the muzzle on, but we won't stay silent. . [Chorus]. Born into a world. Where we're dying to be free. (I just wanna be free, let's go). But we're living underneath (What we under?). Their supremacy. (Underneath, under their supremacy). One day you'll see us but until then we'll all sit and wait for the rapture (What you waiting for?). (Go and get it). You might also like[Outro]. When time turns into history. The story that we'll tell will be. When we were marching for our lives. You stood on the other side. When time turns into history. The story that we'll tell will be. When we were marching for our lives. You stood on the other side. When time turns into history. The story that we'll tell will be. When we were marching for our lives. You stood on the other side1Embed