NES at the Shack is how I first got down. Pops got a job, moved the fam' to Sea-town. Checking BBS's for my 'warez and porn. Around this time the mafia was born. Spending mad hours getting buff in Lord. Get with the tavern ho, show off my long sword. Couple years later, hit the Hotline scene. Waiting in queue is where I've never been seen. Got hooked up with fat accounts. Get my shit fast and in large amounts. Use my Cyrix chip to cook my meals. Laugh all you want, I'll own yo' ass at Whacky Wheels. Got my emulators and a couple thousand ROMs. And all the F-Kiss from blah blah dot com. Now we got torrents and bandwidth up to our necks. Looking back's crazy, but I wonder what's next. [Chorus]. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. . [Coaxke]. Back in the day, System 7.5. Had HyperCard stacks on my SyQuest drive. Once I got a modem I was never fucking bored. Always dialing up a BBS to play me some LORD. I stole my school's dial-up to get the internet. Had a copy of Ircle and no regrets. Chilling in #macfilez, leeching on bots. It took nine years to get a download spot. Hours and hours, making Marathon maps. Always on the run, 'cause I set it to caps. Eventually I got a brand new Power Mac. So fucking fast, I almost had a heart attack. Ran a Hotline server on my school's T1. "Win Ben Stein's Warez" was the name of that one. Quake 3 Test in the computer lab. Never went to class 'cause that shit was a drag. You might also like[Chorus]. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. . [Subrandom]. Back in the day, cruising through the DOS prompt. A little modem action I got anything I want. Blake Stone or some Duke 3D. IPX LAN, don't fuck with me. Back in the day we had four buttons man. Gravis GamePad 'til we lost our tan. ZZT, where I made my first game. Shit was mad hot 'til Click-n-Play came. Up in the attic, it's Jumpin' Flash. All day long 'til a PlayStation crash. Pirated Thrill Kill, what a waste of time. Now I get why they trashed that crime. We got nerd history, stories for days. Spit it how I lived it 'til this shit pays. So back up off if you question the cred. OG nerds, we'll cut off your head. [PC Speaker]. Yo, back in the day, shit was the best. I pirated Duke Nukem off a BBS. A pimp with a 486 dx, deuce. Double piped to increase my juice. Halloween Harry and Commander Keen. Nowadays, it seems like a wonderful dream. Up in school, I'm on the LC 2s. Used the backdoor to drop right out of Foolproof. Then one day, there was the internet. And anything I wanted, I could easily get. Anytime I wanted A-double-P-Z. Just connect to H-O-T-L-I-N-E. Click the banner, fourth word, seventh line. Log in, and anything I wanted was mine. I started up a server called "Industrial Strength,". And got sued by the R-I-double-A. But I was born, into a new world of computers. And we became a generation of looters. But I said it before, and I'll say it again. It's like being high just remembering. . [Chorus]. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, (back in the day) Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, (back in the day) Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, (back in the day) we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displays. Back in the day, (back in the day) Shufflepuck Cafe. Banner ads, getting paid, ICQ, getting laid. Back in the day, (back in the day) we knew Sulu was gay. Munching numbers, running lodes, monochrome displaysEmbed