. Unpredictable bars, all you know is that they leathal. Flow so sick everybody asking for a sequel, I'm evil, dangerous rhymes my tracks should be illegal, now you getting all excited cause right here is just the prequel, they know that I don't need drugs to spit this sick, tryna' think of where they heard somebody  as dope as this, man who the twelve greatest rappers, know that I'm better I'm always first they all last like the month of December. Crazy how I keep it old school with a new flow, I lost my mind for quite sometime it's only right I lay low, but now, we back on the mission, focused on nothing but vision, you haters can't help but listen you taking shots but you missin', why you spittin', words you didn't write, my style my sound, all y'all tryna' bite, this is me making a living out of killing other rappers in this generation, and the one that comes after. . [Chorus]. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, sometimes its hard to hit the ground. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, but I know I can't turn around. . [Verse 2]. Temarké starts to spit, and you know the beat is done. If Hip-Hop was a dad, I'm definitely his son, but he set the bar so high that I can't even catch it I'm tryna' snatch it high standards but I'm still tryna match it. Everybody sound the same there's literally no difference, yo I heard your new track and it felt like I was reminiscing, adding to my bars and I subtract from your career, divide your crew multiply the praise, I get across the sphere, I got the illest lyrics and I now that you feeling, time for me to put an end to rappers living on a gimmick, heart like a furnace, I got that fire, in my blood stream, flow still hot even when I write to blow off steam. Outstanding my music is the new anthem, you know we keep it loud like we throwing a tantrum, funny how gibberish passes as music these days we out here tryna' make ends meet like the belt around my waist, what up!. [Chorus]. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, sometimes its hard to hit the ground. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, but I know I can't turn around. . [Verse 3]. Take the kids away cause his practically a murder scene, leave you traumatized, you gone wish you never heard of me, I'm just taking back what's mine please don't call it burglary, I verbally burn these beats my definition of third degree, my words reflect what the people call real life, dark lines but you know they leave a trail so bright, think we need a change, sick and tired of these emcees, no soul, your hottest flow cold and empty, human arsenal, while you just a single weapon, it's hard to stop this momentum my bars are loaded with some deadly venom, I'm snatching souls on a daily basis you haters just basic I got the foundation to make me the greatest, what you see is what you get man I'm far from hypocritical, see that I'm the best, I'm a sick individual, Temarké so pragmatic I'mma turn you to an addict, even after rehab you back at it cause you got bad habits. . [Chorus]. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, sometimes its hard to hit the ground. I don't know where to go from here, but I keep on moving cause I feel that I can do this, I don't know where to go from here, but I know I can't turn aroundYou might also likeEmbed