It's not worth it, It's not worth yo life. . [Verse 1: Mr. Solo]. It was just last Friday I heard about the news. I swings my feet up out my bed into my house shoes. Its Saturday morning, no yawnin, strictly mournin. I do's my high jeans on, my dickies, I hear a horn and. Its my homie Chill, he comes to scoop me in the plush Regal. To take me to the mall to pick up my black tuxedo. No words, the straight face, today's no joke. Stopped at the sto' to buy a fresh pair of... loc's. I wipe my tears up until my face was all cleared up. We bunches out to the house to get geared up. Across the bed I laid, prayed, grieved within. I cried again at the thought my homie died in sin. Tryin to claim the hood, straight puttin in work, getting played like spades. And it makes my heart hurt cuz my homeis won't change. And to make matters worse, every other month. I'm visitin the pen or followin a hearse. Escorted to a funeral, gang stereotype. Cadillacs and folds rolls deep to a burial site. Solo be tryin not to cry, but my eyes give my face a shower. I looks to God to give me strength and power as I drop the flowers on the casket. As I pass it, by and wonder why. And tell how many more homies got to die. Before they realize that life is quicker than the eyes. And framin' a rep by claimin your set will only lead to lost lives. But oh, Mr. Solo knows another way. And out of respect they sit and listen to every word they homie got to say. And when I speak I speaks clearly. But as they walks away they hits me up in the hood, why can't my homies hear me?. [Chorus: Tik Tokk]. Why can't the homies hear me? hey. The homies died in the hood always up to no good. Lord why don't you turn 'em around. Help them put their bags down?. I can't see, why can't the homies hear me?. . [Verse 2: Chille Chill]. Once again it's the Gospel Gangsta, Chill. Rollin thru your hood in a brown coupe Deville. The homies at the dope spot tryin to clock deals. Packin hot steel, and just like milk they top bills. Straight servin all the young g's on the curb and. Got that caine and urban, even got that sherman drinkin' that bourbon. But they don't know the po-po. Got a videotape of their faces and they catchin cases. And the judge is stretchin 'em out like they plastic. I'm seein my homies goin to the pen, catchin years, that's drastic. Locked up with unaccomplished dreams and unfullfilled purpose. Goin to hell cuz they wanted to sell, now was it worth it?. I know all about survival, I'm a ghetto man. But let me tell you what's happenin' on the devil's plan. Satan came to kill, destroy, and jack. But Jesus came to give you life fo' fact. But still you sell dope to the folk in your community. Its time to sit down and have a long talk, loc, just you and me. I breaks 'em off to God way and it hurts me dearly. To see my homies hustle and get popped by the cops, why can't the homies hear me?. You might also like[Chorus]. . [Verse 3: Solo]. Uh, the homies is hitting me up like I'm the same Solo. But no I'm changed, and no I don't bang no more. Dont even trip with me cuz Solo don't owe none of you. I know what Eiht was talkin about, my hood was takin me under too. Had to go for self, had to get me some help, so I can help someone else. I found the Truth to pull my homies up off the devil's shelf. I see what you see, do you see what I see. I go to my neighbourhood, the wall is filled with RIPs. I see OGs I looked up to cuz they was loc'ed out. I comes to the hood to find my big homies is smoked out. I tell them that the Blood of Christ is able to change your life. They wouldn't listen and they overdosin' every night. And my homegirls, no I can't forget about em. I told 'em the brother was a hustler, "you can do without him". But still she kicks it in, and now he's in the wind. Lord please draw near me so my homies can hear me. . [Chorus: Tik Tokk]. Why tell me why why why can't the homies hear me. The answer ain't that AK. When you jump in your trays don't spray. It's Jesus Christ He's alive the truth and way. Tell me why. Why lord. WhyEmbed