Tell me why the little baby born high. Tell me why his mom addicted to the latest pharmaceutical style. As stock markets reach the sky. Tell me why all the people don’t see. Tell me is there something wrong with me. And tell me people tell me people. Are we gonna sit idly by. Or are we gonna stand togethеr and try. Tell me who the hеll is making the rules. And tell me why we got to listen to fools. And tell me tell me tell me. What the fuck you people teaching kids in them schools. They getting through but they ain’t getting the tools. Come on come on. Oh Lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. Oh Lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. . They was always telling me get an education. There’s only one education you got to join the organization. And even dumb as a kid as I was. I wasn’t having none of it. I couldn’t wait to move on. So tell me how does it go. Because we all got to know. And maybe you can tell me who the fuck is running this show. Cause it ain’t going so good in case you didn’t know. And now you got the patience of the people running low. I’m not political no I’m critical though. And we gotta deliver a message for sure. And it’s time that you get up and open the door. And you stand up and fight or lie down on the floor. Money I make it I give to the poor. And I don’t even need it no more. And I don’t even know what it’s for. Money can make you a ho. Make you a ho. You might also likeOh Lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. Oh lord shit’s crazy. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. Oh lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. Ridin with the devil now baby. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. Oh oh oh oh. Oh Lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. Ridin with the devil now baby. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. Oh lord shit’s crazy. Oh Lord do it again. Ridin with the devil on a southbound train. Ridin with the devil now baby. You stick the needle straight into my pain. And ride the motherfucker down the drain. Oh oh ohEmbed