Yep (Aww). Yep (Mmm-aww). Uh-huh. Yeah, nigga. . [Verse 1: Kid Cudi]. Yeah, it's been a minute, but I'm back in it (Uh). Y'all ain't dealing with the same boy (No). Got a little trippy, then I transitioned (Yeah). New attitude mixed with that pure raw (Aw). The night game, your girl called. She like, "Do me, baby, down to get busy, busy?" (Yes). No dice, chill, whoadie (No). In life, feeling dizzy. Oh, having visions of the city and I go to war. See me in the day through the late night (Night). Tell 'em it's the charm, I'm in freeze mode. To the gods, can't stop a hero when he in flight (Flight). I'm swimming in the light right. Go and get you some, go and show 'em something, this a new thang. Yeah, I let my nuts hang (Yeah). Knock your top off with LeBron or Dwyane Wade (Yeah). Aww, lift off. Can't stunt a nigga growth, better get gone, move along (Uh). You don't wanna trip, wanna get it on (Uh). You don't wanna act, don't get me wrong (Nah). They don't listen to the words in the song (Uh-huh). We ain't gotta tell 'em, we just getting ready (Yeah). See 'em fronting, we ain't kidding. If you want it, you can get it. Members of the rage, come and get you some. Next step's out the jet from the lean back. Running 'round the world and we ain't packed. Hit 'em, vroom, vroom, leave 'em stuck, oh, you seen that?. I'm chillin' where the team at. See a black Benz pull up with some jawns, yeah, I need that. So crazy, can't believe it. No cams, damn, no filming at all, real nigga facts (Come on). Years ago, rehab. All good, helped me figure out another plan. It got bad, so bad. Nah, I ain't fucking love that, man. Then I hopped out in a new zone with my Louis bag. True story, take you through the dark and the light (Yeah). Godson, got through new. Back up in the world, it's the day in the life (Cud). Hit the blunt and get it (Dude). Raised bars (Uh), same song, we did it (Yeah). Hot sauce, pour it on all jams, explicit. Carry on, smoke strong, got your mama down with it (Come on). And the game fuckin' needed something dirty raw. Tell them this the law and we weeded (Uh). [Verse 2: Eminem]. So if it's God you believe in (Yeah). Bob your head and just nod in agreement (Yeah). They say time's undefeated. I'ma be the first one who can beat it (Yeah). I had hoop dreams, now I shoot threes (What?). Got a lil' green (Yeah), but I don't do weed (Nope). Purp nor lean (Nah), that's Tunechi (Yeah). That's New Orleans (What?), fuck Drew Brees (Yeah). Snoop D-O-double (Uh), that's two G's (Yup). I probably spent on paper, ooh-wee. Since Tuesday, probably killed a few trees (Yeah). But the only ones I smoke are the loose leaf. Not high, but I'm your highness (What?). And secretly, you're on my dick (Hah). But you haters are butthurt (Ow), bunch of sore hind-ends (Ow). I was just a poor white kid (Yeah). Now if rap was B-ball, I'd be Jordan-like, bitch (What?). You wish you could score like this (Nah), yeah. Not even at half court, I'd miss (Nah). I'm mouthwash, 'cause if I was on the floor, I'd swish (Fluoride, fluoride, swish). But I cannot lie (Nah). I got you in my top five. Worst rappers of all time (Hah). I lost my spot, y'all got Alzheim' (Uh). King of rap? Nah, their words, not mine (Yeah). King of swear words and not lying (Yeah). You should never compare yours (Nope). A toll-free number (Yeah), only way you'll ever have a hot line. Fuck's going on, man? (Yeah). Bunch of half-wits up in office (What?). Half of us walking around like a zombie apocalypse. Other half are just pissed off and (Yeah). Don't wanna wear a mask and they're just scoffing. And that's how you end up catching the shit off 'em. I just used the same basket as you shopping. Now I'm in a fuckin' casket from you coughin' (Damn). Always stay ahead of haters, let 'em hate. But never let a traitor penetrate your circle. Separate yourself from those who try to pull you down. The real ones never stray, it's sort of like Medusa (Yeah). That's how you stay ahead of snakes (Woo). Emcees pull out gats, I don't give a fuck how strapped. You're gonna out-rap me? I doubt that. Please, bitch, I'm a house rat. These raps are 'bout that cheese like mousetraps. Earthlings, I adapt to 'em. Certain things, I don't want to do, but have to in. Order to just act human. Like using a bathroom and vacuuming (Yeah). Rapping in the booth in a triple fat goose hazmat suit. Bubble wrap and a mask too and. I don't think that's what they meant by trap music (Nah). Running through ink like I'm tattooing (Yeah). This is music to be murdered by, you love. Turn the volume up, I am fired up like a blunt. Bread is long like an Italian sub, I am drugs. That is probably why your opinion of me's high as fuck. And it's nonstop fury (Yeah). 'Cause I ain't holding 'em up like an armed robbery (Nah). And God's my jury, so when I die, I'm not worried (Nah). Prayers to George Floyd and Ahmaud Arbery (Yeah). How the fuck is it that so many cops are dirty? (Huh?). Stop, man, please, officer, I'm sorry. But I can't breathe when I got you on top of me. Your goddamn knee's on my carotid artery (Fuck). You might also like[Outro: Kid Cudi]. The adventures of Moon Man & Slim (Ah). Yes, who want it with them?. The trilogy continues. Serving niggas, yes, see what's on the menu (Yeah). Watch 'em panic, hot damnit (Let's get it, baby). Hope you fuckers understand it. The realer for you niggas. Come and get these scriptures (Yeah). Rap God (Uh). Rager227Embed