Space-age times with stone-age minds. Modern-day slaves no chains institutionalised. Land founded on stealing and dealing. Resorts to shooting when looting. This is a sign of the times. Knee to the neck from those who serve and protect. In the eyes of the law you’re all a suspect. Don’t want you to reflect on the image they project 'cause when you’re subject they still demand respect. The last defendant of the second amendment. Whose your fear furloughs the ongoing resentment. Tear gas to the face 'cause his skin face was brown. Reminiscent of a story of Oxford Town. [Pre-Chorus]. The black gets whacked, 6 warning shots in the back. The white gets a slap, on a better day sacked. The black gets killed for the white man's thrill. 'Cause the white man gets off, labeled mentally ill. . [Chorus]. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. . [Verse 2]. I hear them say get out of their country. From the same ones who owe us 6 counties. I don’t remember a witch hunt for Kneecap. 'Course not- 'cause they’re not fuckin' black. Rubber bullets hit the deck, proper RUC. Fired into the crowd, in Washington DC. You’ll never kill our will to be free. 'Cause in our minds we hold, we hold the key. Less hate, less peelers, less madness. More blacks, more dogs, more Irish. Less hate, less peelers, less madness. More blacks, more dogs, more Irish. (More blacks, more dogs, more Irish). You might also like[Pre-Chorus]. The black gets whacked, 6 warning shots in the back. The white gets a slap on a better day sacked. The black gets killed for the white man's thrill. 'Cause the white man gets off, labeled mentally ill. . [Chorus]. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a home. Break the legs to rebuild the bone. Burn the house, rebuild a homeEmbed