If your white great-great grandfather. KILLED my great-great grandfather. And your white great grandfather. SOLD my great grandfather. And your white grandfather. RAPED my grandmother. And your father stole, cheated, lied and ROBBED my father. What kind of fool would I have to be to say. “Come, my friend!” to the white daughter and son?. [The President]. “Good evening America. This is your President. Please listen carefully to the announcement I’m about to make. After careful consideration and research, Vice President Duke, Congress, and myself have concluded that black people have not advanced technologically. Their educational testing scores are on a rapid decline. The vast majority of them are on welfare and producing babies at a faster rate than they can support them. We will not carry them anymore. We are left with no choice but to put slavery back into effect. All blacks will report to the designated camps in their area to receive further orders. The only blacks excused will be those serving in the United States military and the Police. Any blacks who do not cooperate will be terminated immediately. I repeat, slavery is back in effect”. . [Sister Souljah]. WE ARE AT WAR!!! That’s what I told ya!. I know you heard what the President said. And if the nigga don’t move, *gunshots* then he’s dead. It’s time for us to take a stand. Woman to woman and man to man. Blood rushes through your veins you feel the fear. Who would’ve thought that it could happen here. Int he land of the free, home of the brave. THe year is ’95, you’re a slave!. Some go in shock when they first hear the news. Press play and then rewind and review. But the message is CLEAR and it cuts like a knife. You don’t surrender they’ll take your life. And I remember, the movies my momma used to show me. (*whip cracks* “What’s ya name?!” “…Tobey”). Remember the times when they bought and they sold ya. WE ARE AT WAR!!!!! That’s what I told ya!. . [Chorus]. Slavery’s back in effect, slavery’s back in effect. (That’s what I told ya!). Slavery’s back in effect, slavery’s back in effect. (“Re-FUSE to LOSE”) (That's what I told ya!). Slavery’s back in effect, slavery’s back in effect. (That’s what I told ya!). Slavery’s back in effect, slavery’s back in effect. (“Re-FUSE to LOSE”) (That's what I told ya!). You might also like[Sample from “Predator 2”]. “We’re in a war zone, Dave. Two motorcycle officers horribly wounded in a deadly crossfire. The police seemingly unable to rescue them in spite of. Several desperate, heroic attempts. It’s completely out of control…”. . [Sister Souljah]. Brothers go get guns and pack up on ammunition. Now that they see that it’s a critical condition. Racism was here but they didn’t take it seriously. …and then they said that I was crazy. Violence escalating and it’s sad to see. So many brothers being killed by the enemy. Mothers and daughters, fathers and sons. Why can’t they see we couldn’t WIN by the gun?. I TOLD you how to win but now it’s too late. The enemy’s on the rise and he sealed your fate. BRAIN in the weapon, technology second. The war drum is soundin, the tool is the record. The will and the skill of the black man, exact man. Giving a hand to his brotherman. A word to the wise and I’ll tell you once again. Know your enemies from your friends. . [Chorus]. [Sample from “Predator 2”]. “Who the hell’s in charge down here?!. The cops? Uh-uh! They’re outmanned, outgunned, and incompetent!. Mr. Mayor, on vacation at your home in Lake Tahoe:. Get off your butt, get down here, and declare MARTIAL LAW!”. . [Sister Souljah]. Could you imagine if we had it all together?. We’d have an umbrella for the stormy weather. Our luck has run out, no more four-leaf clover. The Super Mack Daddy Pimp syndrome is over. SEE the war, SMELL the war, HEAR the war. You’d better FEAR the war. They’re talking total annihilation, wicked and shrewd. The black man will be harder to find than dinosaur food. You shoulda read the books and understood. That America’s no domn good. (The reeducation of the Negro, Sister Souljah!). …I ain’t the hero. I WARNED ya that it was coming. I gave you the message when the funky drummer was drummin. The end is near for big and small. Mother Africa’s final call, because…. . [Chorus]Embed