I've seen the red Sun in the autumn. And I've seen the leaves turn to golden-brown. I've seen the red Sun in the autumn, and I've. Seen the leaves returning to golden-brown. I've seen the red blood of my people. Heard them calling for freedom everywhere. And if you've seen the red blood of your people, all you've got to do is. Reach out your hand and we'll take you there. Red stands for liberation. Red, red, yeah. [Verse 2: Victor Brown]. I see the blackness of winter. And I see death lurking in the trees. Yeah. I see the blackness of winter, yeah. And I see death lurking in the trees. I see the blackness of my people. You know they're. Calling for freedom everywhere. I've seen the blackness of my people, and all you’ve got to do. Brothers and sisters, reach out your hands.  We're gonna. Take you there. Black stands for liberation. Yeah, aah. . [Verse 3: Gil Scott-Heron]. I've seen the green buds in the springtime. And somebody told me that means new life. I've seen the green buds in the springtime, coming up through the concrete. Somebody told me they symbolize new life. I've seen the green fields of my homeland, and I've. Heard people calling for freedom everywhere.  It seemed to me like. If you've seen the green fields of your homeland, even when you dream it, you can. Reach out your mind and someone will take you there because. Green stands for liberation. Green. You might also like[Verse 4: Gil Scott-Heron]. There are three colors on our flag now, brothers. One red, one black, and there's one green. There are three colors on our flag now, sisters. Can you tell your babies what they mean?  I'm talking ‘bout. Red and the black and green.  Want you to keep on thinking ‘bout. Red and the black and green.  I'm gonna keep on singing ‘bout. Red and the black and green.  And sooner than you think. The whole world's gonna know just what we mean when we say. They stand for liberation. They stand for liberation. . [Verse 5: Gil Scott-Heron]. I’m talking ‘bout. Red, yes. And black.  We're talking ‘bout. Green.  It's more than a dream if you dig what we mean. It stands for liberation. It stands for a brand-new nation. It stands for liberation. It stands for a brand-new nation. YeahEmbed