Okay. . [Verse]. You ever love a nigga then he gone? I have, I have. I put that thought inside of many songs, drinking by myself again. "Drink until the Henny's gone" is what they tell you. If you passed it, rip out any bong, advice to keep your health a ten. I'm tired, all these niggas wrong, tired of listening to. Niggas thoughts about this shit, Isaiah ain't my friend over a word. But a man with the same name fucking with me? That's absurd. I put my heart and soul in this shit, ho, you must not have heard. How could you not? Bitch, I been yelling more than ever, uh. Getting off pot, hop off the top, light as a feather, uh. Letting the cop slip on the cuffs. And if he doing it too rough I look at momma like whatever. Make her cry one too many a time. She see me grow colder as I'm getting older, I told her, "It's fine". I hold her, she blind from the tears in her eyes. She want me to find my life in these. Rhymes in my head in a line, my pain and my strife. Every moment, my life closing in on me. Why do I feel the need to do more than these others?. 'Cause in this life I've lost some brothers, that's right. Niggas can't tell if they love me for real. Or they just wanna steal my attention. I mention a nigga one time and he freak. I be breaking they hearts and then making they weeks. It's a blessing to know that my stressing 'bout art. Is impressing to niggas that lessen they value. As well as you niggas that love the improvement. I just love to hop on the mic and then lose it. So, fuck all you people, I do what I want. I don't want no one calling my shots for me, tore me apart. Fuck the tobacco, it killing our hearts. And fuck all the opiates, I won't even start. Some of us want it and some of us don't, just leave the succeeding to niggas that won't. Give up and throw they shot away live up to what my appa say. I'll run it for all you niggas hating on my style. And all you niggas towing pistols talking wild. This is my therapy, don't get it confused. I do this shit so I will not go blow a fuse and hurt a human, any hue. Ho, would you bug if I was blue? If I looked more like you?. If I did what you expected in a way you thought was cool?. Bitch, I'm tryna dissect it. How I get through to people that don't wanna listen?. They very comfortable hating, debating shit that ain't changing. 'Cause there ain't enough at stake and nobody owning that fate. Or the food on they plate or the thoughts in they head. I don't need thots in my bed, I need a lot to my name. I need a plot for my grave that will eventually not be. There is no point to be cocky or to try to be A$AP Rocky. [Bridge]. Niggas wanna free A$AP Rocky more than niggas wanna free they selves. Bitch, are you well?. Please let yourself out the cell. . [Chorus]. I wanna let these niggas know that I am doing fine. I wanna let you niggas know that I got through it fine. And I don't want you niggas dying over me or mine. And I don't want you people crying. . [Outro]. Never let another human tell you what you can do. 'Cause what man do is inside of your mindYou might also like12Embed