Man that school shit is a joke. The same people who control the school system control. The prison system, and the whole social system. Ever since slavery, nawsayin'?. I went to school with some redneck crackers. Right around the time 3rd bass dropped the cactus album. But I was readin' Malcolm. I changed my name in '89 cleaning parts of my brain. Like a baby nine. I took a history class serious. Front row, every day of the week, 3rd period. Fuckin' with the teachers had, callin' 'em racist. I tried to show them crackers some light, they couldn't face it. I got my diploma from a school called Rickers. Full of, teenage mothers, and drug dealin' niggas. In the hallways, the popo was always present. Searchin' through niggas possessions. Lookin' for, dope and weapons, get your lessons. That's why my moms kept stressin'. I tried to pay attention but they classes wasn't interestin'. They seemed to only glorify the Europeans. Claimin' Africans were only three fifth's a human being. They schools can't teach us shit. My people need freedom, we tryin' to get all we can get. All my high school teachers can suck my dick. Tellin' me white man lies straight bullshit. They schools ain't teachin' us, what we need to know to survive. (Say what, say what). They schools don't educate, all they teach the people is lies. You see dog, you see how quick these motherfuckers be to like. Be tellin' niggas get a diploma so you can get a job. Know what I'm sayin' but they don't never tell you how the job. Gonna exploit you every time know what I'm sayin' that's why I be like. Fuck they schools. School is like a 12 step brainwash camp. They make you think if you drop out you ain't got a chance. To advance in life, they try to make you pull your pants up. Students fight the teachers and get took away in handcuffs. And if that wasn't enough, then they expel y'all. Your peoples understand it but to them, you a failure. Observation and participation, my favorite teachers. When they beat us in the head with them books, it don't reach us. Whether you breakdance or rock suede addidas. Or be in the bathroom with your clique, smokin' reefer. Then you know they math class ain't important 'less you addin' up cash. In multiples, unemployment ain't rewardin'. They may as well teach us extortion. You either get paid or locked up, the principal is like a warden. In a four year sentence, mad niggas never finish. But that doesn't mean I couldn't be a doctor or a dentist. They schools can't teach us shit. My people need freedom, we tryin' to get all we can get. All my high school teachers can suck my dick. Tellin' me white man lies straight bullshit. They schools ain't teachin' us, what we need to know to survive. (Say what, say what). They schools don't educate, all they teach the people is lies. They schools can't teach us shit. My people need freedom, we tryin' to get all we can get. All my high school teachers can suck my dick. Tellin' me white man lies straight bullshit. They schools ain't teachin' us, what we need to know to survive. (Say what, say what). They schools don't educate, all they teach the people is lies. 'Cuz for real, a mind is a terrible thing to waste. And all y'all high class niggas with y'all nose up. 'Cuz we droppin' this shit on this joint, fuck y'all. We gon' speak for ourselves. Know what I'm sayin'? 'Cuz see the schools ain't teachin' us nothin'. They ain't teachin' us nothin' but how to be slaves and hardworkers. For white people to build up they shit. Make they businesses successful while it's exploitin' us. Know what I'm sayin'? And they ain't teachin' us nothin' related to. Solvin' our own problems, know what I'm sayin'?. Ain't teachin' us how to get crack out the ghetto. They ain't teachin' us how to stop the police from murdering us. And brutalizing us, they ain't teachin' us how to get our rent paid. Know what I'm sayin'? They ain't teachin' our families how to interact. Better with each other, know what I'm sayin'? They just teachin' us. How to build they shit up, know what I'm sayin'? That's why my niggas. Got a problem with this shit, that's why niggas be droppin' out that. Shit 'cuz it don't relate, you go to school the fuckin' police. Searchin' you you walkin' in your shit like this a military compound. Know what I'm sayin'? So school don't even relate to us. Until we have some shit where we control the fuckin' school system. Where we reflect how we gon solve our own problems. Them niggas ain't gon' relate to school, shit that just how it is. Know what I'm sayin'? And I love education, know what I'm sayin'?. But if education ain't elevatin' me, then you know what I'm sayin' it ain't. Takin' me where I need to go on some bullshit, then fuck education. Know what I'm sayin'? At least they shit, matter of fact my nigga. This whole school system can suck my dick, beeyotchYou might also likeEmbed