They don't want me to win, they don't want me to eat. They don't want to see a young black man succeed. They don't want to see me take my brothers out of the streets. They don't want me. They don't want me to sleep, they don't want me to dream. They don't want to see my people livin' good and at ease. They wanna lock 'em all up and then get rid of the keys. We ain't never free. . [Verse 1: Nasty C]. I'm grateful for life and the prize I reap. Every day and every night, I get on my knees. And I pray for my guys and they families. Hope the Lord hear me. I can only imagine the pain and the grief. From the innocent mothers with all the shit they had to see. When you lose the ones you love to the fuckin' police, it cuts deep. When Heaven calls and the angels do they job. We start to question God like we could play His part. It gets so fuckin' hard, we can't escape the dark. There's hatred in my heart for the ones who left this scar. But everything will be alright soon. I just wanna let you know ain't nothin' like you. We live and die, that's always been the cycle. I promise it wasn't about you. When you make it to Heaven, give me your eyes, dude. Watch over me closely 'til it's my time too. The only thing I can do is turn to the Bible. And do my best to help your family 'cause they're mine too. [Chorus: Nasty C]. But they don't want me to win, they don't want me to eat. They don't want to see a young black man succeed. They don't want to see me take my brothers out of the streets. They don't want me. They don't want me to sleep, they don't want me to dream. They don't want to see my people livin' good and at ease. They wanna lock 'em all up and then get rid of the keys. We ain't never free. . [Verse 2: T.I.]. How could you blame as many sisters and brothers die?. If they answer to it go and start another fire. Guess they gotta do it, has to show objection to it. God bless 'em, no direction, out there gettin' to it. 2020, guess it's the year of the burn, consequences you earned. To build this nation that you hate me in, the karma's returned. Well, that's a stupid question, when will you learn?. You never will, word to George Floyd, Emmett Till, and Sean Bell. Guess they'd rather see us all in civil unrest. Than to go and make some fuckin' arrests, fuck is that?. Well, after that, here's to getting exactly what you expect. How you 'posed to serve and protect with your knee on my neck?. Look, it ain't hard to see you not for me, the cycle of atrocity. Blew your cover when there about to be some reciprocity. I'm with the cause, and it's gon' be whatever it got to be (Uh-uh). Uh-huh, but vandalizin' buildings, that's just not for me. But even still, if I'ma be real with you, no fuckin' joke. Best thing I seen, that police station goin' up in smoke. Hmm, felt like vindication for so many folks (For real). Breonna Taylor, Sandra Bland, and so many more. You might also like[Chorus: Nasty C]. They don't want me to win, they don't want me to eat. They don't want to see a young black man succeed. They don't want to see me take my brothers out of the streets. They don't want me. They don't want me to sleep, they don't want me to dream. They don't want to see my people livin' good and at ease. They wanna lock 'em all up and then get rid of the keys. We ain't never free. . [Verse 3: Nasty C]. Ayy, hold my hand, mama, I'm here for you. They think they took your son, but they put him right next to you. You the strongest thing on this earth, you unbreakable. Plus you brought him into this earth and you raised him too. Take a second off every day and get comfortable. Celebrate yourself for a change 'cause you never do. With all the pressure from society, you always hiding. Go outside and show the world a better you. I know you worried sick about if I'ma make it home this evening. You know 'cause of my color, life ain't gon' be easy. But I'ma be okay if I tell God I need Him. That's what you taught me without even knowing you teaching. See what I'm tryna say is you the furthest from weak. And I sing your praises because you a G. You made me and made the world a better place for your seeds. How the fuck could anybody take 'em away from they queen?. Uh3Embed