No justice, no peace. And if there ain't gon' be no justice, there ain't gon' be no peace. Young people are enraged, and there's an easy way to stop it. Arrest the cops. Charge the cops, charge all the cops. Not just some of them, charge them in every city across America where our people are being murdered. Charge them everywhere, that's the bottom line. Charge the cops, do your job. Hol' up. [Verse 1: Trae Tha Truth]. The way we runnin' out of time, it ain't no point of a clock. You might get killed for being black, no longer state of a shock. Too many lames to keep account, like when the hell it's gon' stop?. Crooked cops treat us like ops to leave us dead in a box. Nobody love us but the hopeless, so we misunderstood. They feel like black lives don't matter, we just hopin' it could. They say racism don't exist, if not, why the fuck we pissed?. They hate me 'cause my skin, I'm proudly ripping behind this fence. No more killing our own, that's why we gotta to stick together. I be damned if we don't fight, we've got to try this shit together. Dear Mr. President, you're fucking us over. Like we a terroristic threat, the ghetto covered in soldiers. Fear my only chance to live is with my hand on the trigger. Way they did the homie Floyd, I feel they hunting for niggas. They don't love me, momma, everyday we under attack. Knowing I try to turn away, I might get shot in the back, fact. . [Verse 2: Styles P]. I can't even sleep right, starin' at the gun. Should be staring at the peace pipe, hard to see what peace like. .45, still get scared from the police lights. And I came up real rough, right under the street lights. Democrats, Republicans, Mr. President. Mr. Bill Gates, everybody's tired of the suffering (Everybody's tired). First it was the quarantine and Black Lives Matter (Pay attention). Now back to the quarantine and black lives shatter (Pay no attention). Police wearing riot gear, black child scatter. Imagine all the pain and the hate it takes with 'em. Wanna make a vaccine and make it for racism (Make that). Still praying to the Father and keeping my faith in him. You might also like[Verse 3: Bun B]. Look at the news and tell me, what do you see?. The cops just killed another black man that look just like me. And naw, this ain't the first time, and it won't be the last. Unless you stand up against it, so get up off your ass. Because this is the place, and right now is the time. To let em know where I stand and how I get down for mine. They keep killing my brothers and sisters, getting away with it. So I'm on the frontlines, and I ain't finna play with it. Black people in America have been oppressed. So we demandin' racial equality, nothing less. For what they did in the past and still do. Wouldn't you want somebody to ride if they killed you?. . [Verse 4: Mysonne]. It's Mysonne. Nah, the revolution will be televised. But they keep choking, beating, shooting us and telling lies. We better sever ties with this government (Facts). You silent about your pain, they gon' swear that you lovin' it. Crime don't fit the punishment, no niggas doin' forever. Nah, freedom ain't free, we got to do it together. That means, by whatever means necessary. I'm doing God's work, so that means I'm too blessed to worry. Believe I'm just next to carry the cross for my people. Fuck cause, we've got to stay the course until we equal. When we lost George Floyd, the conscious starting shifting. I feel like Pac fresh up out of prison. I guess I'm just different, my heart pure. Field nigga, fuck I'm gon' stay in the house for? (Why?). If it ain't real, what you open your mouth for?. Yeah, I'm a team player, but I'll do it without y'all. I'm fighting them southpaws (That's right). 'Cause I know what's at stake. We lose then we doomed, there's no room for mistakes (None). I'm doin' what it takes, on God, we've got to beat 'em (Gotta). No justice, no peace, I'm fighting until freedom. [Chorus: Ink]. No, we don't know what the future holds. But I know, it got to change. And I pray, I pray that someday we will. But you should know you're not alone. But still we gon' fight. . [Verse 5: T.I.]. I remember 2Pac said it first, realest shit I heard ever before. You got money for war, but never the hungry and poor. But that why they burning your store. As a message to all, if the only way you could be tall. Is for everyone to be stuck on they knee. Then fuck it, you small, you wack or you weak. It ain't no explanation why assassination of black men and women continue repeat. But this generation don't care 'bout no racist, they ready to die, eye for an eye. 2 losses for one, take it however it come. You black, better get you a gun. I ain't dying for nothing, but anyone shooting my son, I'm coming to shoot at the son. And fuck white supremacy and all of the business that been supportive of it since it begun. Gotta cancel our orders, do that for our daughters and all of our sisters, we owe it to them. No hesitation, gon' go up for them. The [?] of my future, I blew it for them. Attack [?], especially now that the Lord with me. . [Interlude: Anthony Hamilton]. Heavenly Father, I can't hold back these tears. Niggas been sufferin' for years (Sufferin' for years). Can't get a break down here (Can't seem to get a break down here). Cover my children, we shouldn't be livin' in fear. People just tryin' to live (Tryin' to live). Can't get a break down here (Can't seem to get a break down here). . [Verse 6: Conway the Machine]. Another black man killed by police again. Another child with a father they'll never see again. That's all I see when I turn my TV to CNN (That's all I see). Wonder when it's gon' stop, when we gon' see an end (When it's gon' stop). Yeah, free all the homies that's still in the cage (Free the homies). Over-sentenced by crooked judges and racist D.A.'s. Racism in the system is harder. Sentenced a little harsher 'cause my skin a little darker, look (Talk to 'em). We deal with all kinds of injustice. My uncle died in police custody and not a cop was arrested. Sometimes I wish that Obama could've got reelected. The black vote is our power and we got to protect it. . [Verse 7: Krayzie Bone]. The people want change, so don't think it's strange when you see. The people enraged from being enslaved to the [?]. Would eventually get up and swing back, fight back. Even niggas to police, the people is ready to strike back, like that. Leavin' us dead in the streets, the people are heated, strike match, like that. Televised so you can see it, the people, they need it, the scene is white-black. Too bad that we had to die, how many more men do they gonna kill?. No need to pretend 'cause this shit is real. Don't be blinded by the red and blue lights. It's time to ride, it's time to rise up. Pay attention and open your eyes up, a little wider. Maybe we need to think a little wiser, reach higher. Can be the incredible, the success is inevitable. Innovators, creators, and motivators, for some reason they act like they scared of us though. So they wanted us grown, they wanted us raised. That will not flow, so we gotta beef. We lettin' 'em know we ain't finna be takin' this shit no more. No justice no peace, this means war. What do ya think they screamin' for?. Figured it's time that we givin' the score. So I got a question for 'em, a message for 'em. What about us?. . [Verse 8: E-40]. I heard somebody say that all lives matter, but not in this matter. Black lives matter right now, that's all that matters. Y'all president messy and immature. Full of shit, cow manure. I might not know politics, but I know prejudice. And Santa Claus ain't got nothin' to do with Jesus. His hair was like wool, and it was nappy (It was nappy). I put that on God, his pappy (His pappy). Preach. . [Interlude: David Banner]. Dear sister, look I'm sorry for the things I did. When they kill ya in the darkness, we ran and hid. We were ripped from our families, didn't raise our kids. . [Verse 9: David Banner]. But shit, who raised us?. We got used to the pain, it didn't faze us. I don't want change, I wanna take aim at our oppressor. 'Til my pistol's in his fuckin' mouth, yours is on the dresser at the crib. And if we march, then let's mob to where he lives. Bandanas on our fuckin' faces, peace to Freddie Gibbs. Get capped on your song, bitch, I don't kneel. I'm from the home of Medgar Evers and where Emmett Till got killed. Fuck the NFL and basketball and weak-ass deals. Black kids out here dyin', fuck how white folks feel. Young bitch. . [Outro: Lee Merritt]. Repeat after me. People power (People power). Political power (Political power). Economic power (Economic power). Say his name (George Floyd). Say his name (George Floyd). Say his name (George Floyd)2Embed