Mic check. Mic check 1, 2, 3, volume 4. Huh. Oh yea. Big Snoop Dogg up in this motherfucker one time. I gotta give a shoutout to the Snoop Dogg All-Stars. It's my football team, yeah (woof, woof). You know it, we be blowin' niggas out (blowin' niggas out). Huh ye, blowin' niggas out (blowin' niggas out) ye. Blowin' niggas out, blowin' niggas out like afros. [Verse 1]. I'm fucking with key, he split and squish. Breaking a Bud, now we drinking some liquor. Watching a game, taking a blast. My football team be kicking, mucho ass. Throw me a pass, make me a block. I fuck a nigga up that leave your cornerback pop. The game is over, the rage rover. I come to the field to knock your head off the shoulders. They know me I'm bolder and South Dakota. I get a lot of money from hip hop promoters. I mix my Henny with Coca-Cola. You see me wearin' stillers all the time because I'm a roller. From pits [?] to Barcelona. If the bitch look good, then pimpin' all on her. I wanna, I'm gonna, get her. Enter the danger zone. Let's get it crackin' man, the game is on. . [Hook]. We gon' whoop your ass. We be breaking up these fools. When we come on the field they be thinking we fake. 'Till we hit them motherfuckers then they see that we ain't. We gon' whoop your ass. We be breaking up these fools. You might also like[Verse 2]. I'm back with a Breezy, fuckin' with Jeezy. I gotta give a shoutout to E45 [?] a Weezy. Sheezy my neezy, feely jeezy. Twistin' up a bleazy. They say that pimpin' ain't easy. What you smokin' on? That's that cat piss. Got you fucked with a Don and his West Coast rap shit. Leave your Macallan, maccanis, pantapeles, c'mon, we rappin' it. Cat lackin' it, keep it crackalack, what's happening?. What's happening? Shit, you know. Crip and shippin' in Hamelin. They say - Dogg, you're the man again. Run on a dig, leave you stiff like a mannequin. Touchdown to my right-hand man again. I'm a three jay see same side as me (you know it). Big hits, big blunts, big shit, yeah. That's my nephew, suck my [?]. . [Hook]. We gon' whoop your ass. We be breaking up these fools. When we come on the field they be thinking we fake. 'Till we hit them motherfuckers then they see that we ain't. We gon' whoop your ass. We be breaking up these fools. [Outro]. I gotta give a shoutout to the Snoop Dogg All-Stars. It's my football team, yeah. You know it, we be blowin' niggas out. Huh ye, blowin' niggas out ye. Blowin' niggas out, blowin' niggas out like afrosEmbed