. [Round 1: Arsonal]. I said. Once again I'm here-. . [Crowd]. -in another nigga's state. Up on another nigga's stage. Up in another nigga's face. {Some of the crowd finishes Arsonal's slogan while other fans boo loudly}. . [Arsonal]. I said shit real, I know how baggin' a whole brick feel. But Cass', do you know how battlin' a whole Crip feel?. Who grip steel?. Revolver with the spin wheel. The kick real. Fuck a car crash dickhead, I'll really throw you through a windshield. Fuck ya accolades, I'm really tryin' to hear the pain that ya pen spill. I'm Nelly wit' them hollows, 'round here I let a 'Tip Drill'. Headshot, your funeral won't exist still. He got dropped wit' no service. Dickhead, now you know how talkin' on a Sprint feel. .40 bang on him, I give him that Shawn Kemp feel. How the dog house in ya backyard got a backyard and you strugglin' wit' rent still?. A bitch won't make it past first base if I curve her, unless she got Angels In The In Field. I keep a .40 below, a .45, you add the wind chill. Now you punch. Larceny? All I see is a bunch of new punks. I'd have you lyin' to ya mother bringin' money e'ry day nigga, you ain't even have to pay for school lunch. You up here lyin' 'bout shit that you ain't do once. My life? I'm like a modern day R.L. Stein, these stories will give you Goosebumps. I do this for the niggas who lost they lives and they played hard. You ever experienced that immediate family limo ride through the graveyard?. Where you so hurt, even though the sun ain't out you refuse to take ya shades off. You starin' at the tombstone, wishin' you could rip the fuckin' name off. Me? I know pain, I can get you John Doe by a no name. Catch him at the Chinese store, pulled two sticks on him, we eatin' Lo Mein. Nah nigga, Smack can't hear (hair) you, he need his Rogaine. Razor blade, dancin' down ya center this the Soul Train. I'm from where you had to pick a side and then defend ya block. Where poverty was real, we got excited just to window shop. I was you before you nigga, back when Nintendo drop. Bare knuckle brawls, my daddy was beatin' niggas up on Kimbo block. You might also like[Cassidy]. I don't believe you. . [Arsonal]. You got two faggot ass sons to look after and you really tryin' to battle beef. Talkin' this 5002 and 0 shit to a nigga that's nearly undefeated actually. . {Crowd starts to boo}. . [Arsonal]. If I involved ya two faggot ass sons it's gonna be casualties. It'll be a Low, Down, Dirty Shame how I use that machete to Butch Cassidy. By the way, his two faggot ass sons' names is Shane and Cassidy. Bang! That's blasphemy. That's the main catastrophe. Stray bullet flesh wounds, so I gotta change my aim for Cassidy. I sit calm (sitcom) so I can puncture flesh not just graze (Grey's) Anatomy. If this was 2006 niggas would say, "You really be spittin'". And even though they took the shots for you, you really the victim. Nina on me, Smack asked, "What's wit' the silly extensions?". One bitch they all hit, that's a video vixen. I treat this lil' nigga like a lil' nigga and really will lynch him. I hop out on him in broad day, like he fit the description. Pure disrespect, while you rappin', I don't really be listenin'. Ya bitch want somethin' dark in her, I swear that Hennessy different. You get ya crew jammed up, I got my blue bands up. I'll put you down when we come in contact like this two hand touch. {Arsonal puts his hands on Cassidy and a scuffle breaks out between the entourages and delays the battle for just over five minutes}. . You get ya jammed up, I got my blue bands up. I'll put you down when we come in contact like this two hand touch. Long beak on the bird, bing I let a two can' (toucan) bust. I said "bing" cause I didn't wanna say "BAOW" and get ya crew amped up. Cause now-a-days a "BAOW" is really all it take for the gas to start. I've mastered arts. I say I'm the devil in ya church soon as ya pastor talk. He in waist deep, I kidnap his son at the traffic stop. These punches outta this world, think slap boxin' wit' an astronaut. I remember bein' down bad, I ain't have a lot. Now I got crypto investments in comedy, mean I'm literally the laughin' (laugh in ) stock. Matic pop, let this nigga run for 'bout a half a block. My fourth and inches when I touch down? He ain't gonna make it to see when the next Madden drop. Ya bitch said my disrespect was what keep her wet. We repeat the sex. All you see is her apple on my desk, she the teacher's pet. You think we doin' yoga, downward dog nigga, peep the stretch. Long nose ready to blow, it's time to decongest. I keep a pistol, I shoot you and the bitch eatin' witchu. You come out the mall, I'm hidin' under ya car just to show you the beef official. This ratchet ain't tryin' to [?] no Felicia issues. So think Logic-al when speakin' on them ProTools cause I ain't finna Reason witchu. You got one statistic. You gon' respect mine or ya son'll get it. I'll leave him dead in the middle of Little Philly. But little did he know I overdosed wit' a TEC-9 (Tech-9), no Pun intended. Now let's get personal. Ya youngest son Shane? He got molested and ya brother did it. Shut up nigga! Yes he did and you just discoverin' it. What you tryin' to act unclear as if his uncle didn't. Bitch you can't spell "unclear" without puttin' the "uncle" in it. I've been #1 for 12 years, how I'm supposed to remain humble wit' it?. Chopper wit' a coolin' can', I'm in the middle of the jungle wit' it. Long hair don't care, and I'm feelin' like Rapunzel wit' it. You got a new born in ya arms? I hit stick, make you fumble wit' it. Torture you while the children there, I hurt your youngest children yeah. I put the recordin' of you beggin' for your life up in his Build A Bear. Make me mad and watch shit start flippin', you'll think Matilda here. This extension is high demand for this ratchet; it's Brazilian hair. Y'all sat him in hot water, like it stays on a silverware. I blend in they tryin' to catch me 'Ridin' Dirty' I'm Chamillionaire. Now when you into guns like I am, you make no mistakes. I got an SR 9C with two safeties but still no one's safe. If got a brush stainless steel slide that's one inch wide I even know the weight and density. And I know you gonna miss ya target if you hold it straight. So I'm ridin' wit' it, I'm shootin' all day, bitch I'm bloggin' wit' it. I hit that fag Cass' then that nigga Chubby Jag and his father wit' it. Then I hit Swizz Beatz non melanin, pale ass noggin' wit' it. Other words, I hit Pinky In The Brain just for ponderin' it. I'm here to snatch every bit of confidence from your conscious wit' it. Toss it to my man in the back field, he got options wit' it. Obama phone, really came in handy, I lined up wit' it. Cass' said he was a problem so I broken him down to Quantum Physics. Cave man, I go nowhere without the stick, I'm at the doctor wit' it. The baby in WalMart, it's in the cart bitch, I'm shoppin wit' it. Baow! Baow! Baow! I'm feelin' like Waka wit' it. His chest half open and half closed, this body optimistic. I put the baow in battle rap nigga, Ars' wit' the small dreadlocks. Y'all don't remember '09?. Should I yearbook picture a nigga, give him a headshot. Then BAOW to the back of the cranium, then his head pop. And once he hit the ground the Hulkamania Leg Drop. From a BAOW to a BANG BANG BANG, I think I'm Craig pop. Dead lock, Usain Bolt couldn't outrun these red dots. If you really want a nigga to suffer, fuck a headshot. Hit him in his heart, have him grabbin' his chest he lookin' like Red Fox. This will fuck up a disc, but not one that come out a Redbox. Shot him walkin' up the stairs, I shot son, the real definition of step pops. My shit is real, my shit is raw, my shit is authentic. And you can't spell "bars" without puttin' that "Ars" in it. . [Round 1: Cassidy]. Y'all niggas hear me?. . [Crowd]. Yeeeeeah!. . [Cassidy]. Look, I brought this dirty Jersey nigga to Philly because I feel he a clown. Philly the town where it started at so I brought it back. And made bands like Ness, the BX where they started rap. But 2 Raw For The Streets is what started Smack. And who started that?. Philly nigga. Ask Gilly nigga it's all a fact. You in 'The City Of Brotherly Slugs' home of all the gats. When the law make an arrest you take a rest, no cardiac. You ain't got the heart to attack you should have a heart attack. I'm chargin' Smack cause I do a great job, I been the truth, I'm talkin' facts. You just bend the truth and come with straight lies. My little shooters keep it on they waist side. They small but straight ride. Right from the jump they'll bang on you; Nate Rob'. Yo I hate lies, make sure when you talk it's true. Before both my fists just bust both them lips that you talkin' through. Arsonal, let me talk to you. You soft as shit and you fraudin' too. For talkin' shit I oughta just split ya fuckin' dome in two. Actin' hard ain't hard to do. I brought some aluminum for you (foil). It's beef I fire at ya grill until it barbeque. I got more heart than you and to spark at you it's an issue. Like that big bitch that battle wit' big tits, my shit's O'fficial. I grip the pistol then shots bang. Or Cave ya chest in wit' a bat to get jacked boy (Jakkboy) this how you Roc(k) chains. Remember Jakkboy had on Roc chain?. You got the same rocks in ya chain as that boy, we not the same. Boy I got a aim and a big nose that'll blow through tissue. It's (s)not a game. The steel cold if I unload the pistol, may His soul be witchu. I know B.A.R.S. who you wanna be Ars' that's why you stole those initials. Fuck who rollin' witchu, you never got a person hit. I spray the guns, don't play the drums but know how to work wit' sticks. Bitch you not a thug and you not the plug wit' work to flip. Smack, why you let us connect together? Like cursive writ'?. He a beta, I'ma alpha bet (alphabet) this be a 30 clip. This clown be jumpin' 'round on this stage performin' circus tricks. But I ain't wit' the circus shit I'm merkin' shit. It's not a personal if every person know you ain't gon' research the shit. But every person know he never had no work to flip. So to purchase bricks he workin' shifts. He drove a school bus, y'all could Google search the shit. Bitch, while you was workin' on the cheese bus I used to work wit' swiss (Swizz). You ain't never work wit' these (D's), bustin' 'til you hurt ya wrist. If you Strapped In wit' a Bigga .9. I brought the strap and it's a bigger .9 than you New (Nu) Jersey niggas Tworkin' wit'. That nigga Suge look like he 'bout to give birth and that nigga Surf a bitch. He get clapped at but never clap back. Smack, you should book Surf and Clips. Cause didn't Surf just get booked wit' a clip?. That shit the perfect fit. And wit' the perfect grip on the Smith & I keep lickin' like a serpent lives. Yo certain shit ain't that deep for real. But certain shit like cheese will leave you six feet deep if I'm knee deep in bills. Yo I sleep wit' steel. Cause I merk cats, make 'em take dirt naps and they never woke up them niggas sleepin' still. For sleepin' on me, I'll spark the weapon like a narcoleptic on sleepin' pills. Y'all fall asleep for real. These battle rappers stay beefin' still. But fake reach for steel and go BAOW! So loud y'all think the beef is real. Bitch, you must don't really brush ya teeth for real. Ew. Get them shits bleeched before they think ya gold teeth a grill. The car where I keep the steel but the V near (veneer). Sayin' he keep it real is like sayin' Cardi teeth is real. . [Arsonal]. The fuck is you rappin' 'bout bruh? What is he rappin' 'bout?. . [Cassidy]. Sorry Cardi, I'm a big fan, I shoulda said "Hitman". That nigga wear veneers too. Smilin' ear to ear too. For years I used to be buck but I had to straighten up. Just like Cardi B teeth used to be buck but now they straight as fuck. I'm tryin' to shake shit up. But ya ugly ass face keep fuckin' my concentration up. Plus you fake as fuck when I raise 'er (razor) up ya face get cut. They wanna hear (hair) lines you not a barber but shape'n up. You can't be serious (Serius). . {Crowd starts to boo/get restless}. . [Smack]. Hold it down. Hold it down. Let him rap. Let's get it. Let's get it. . [Cassidy]. It's already 1-0. Listen man, you been confused, lookin' in a tube ya entire life. And on bikes the inner tube is in the tire, right?. Ars', I'll ride 'til the wheels fall off, but you retired (re-tired) twice. Pump ya breaks, chump to be safe you'd probably ride a bike wit' a helmet on it. If I ride ya helmet gone. I clap the gats 'til e'ry shell is gone, we don't ride alike. Will he be able to handle bars or will he die tonight?. My ride is like you might not even make it outside tonight. I swear to God it's like, if the Lord ain't on his side tonight. His soul be rose in the sky tonight. Cause this guy be like, "My shit is real, my shit is raw, my shit is authentic. And you can't spell "bars" without puttin' Ars' in it"?. That shit is fake, you just a fraud, that shit is all gimmicks. Ayo my trunk gotta pump, a Drako and a couple AR's in it. So if my dawg runs into cars see Ars' (C-Ars') finished. But don't take it personal pussy, it's all business. And before it's all finished, just admit it I'm dope, bitch I'm the GOAT. Now spit that goofy shit that you wrote. Pussy. . [Round 2: Arsonal]. . [Arsonal talking]. Oh my God. Oh my God. Let me hit the water one time. That's what I'm sayin'. That's what I'm sayin'. That's what you sayin'. They booin' you tellin' you "time" in Philly. [Cassidy] That's ya homie right there. [Arsonal] Maaaaan. Suck my dick pussy!. [Cassidy] He doin' that right now. [Arsonal] All these years....all these years. . {Crowd starts to boo loudly and Smack asks the crowd to let him rap.}. . [Arsonal]. All these years, now I can see why you was runnin' scared of me. Cause I'm the nigga that's gonna expose you ain't the nigga you appear to be. They told me take my time when writin' for you, pen it carefully. I said, "Nah fuck that. I'm disrespectful.". You gonna have to smack ya mother to prepare for me. On the Greyhound from ATL is how I move my weight. And I vowed to never let a fuck nigga remove my plate. And I never lose my faith. Check out at 11:00 y'all was leavin' 6:00 in the mornin' cause them underage bitches had to be to school by 8:00. My belt always a lil' loose to get a handgun drawn. I told you in the Face Off I'll make you watch your mother suck my dick in her grandson room. And then I put you in ya place. I do some more disrespectful shit like, dig in my left nostril then pluck the booger in ya face. Why? Cause I'm a loc, chimney weed, a hookah cigarette, I want all kinda smoke. I'm disrespectful, I'll walk in Kanye house and tell a Yo Mama joke. Fourth grader, hittin' the blunt, watch how this .9'll smoke. Stomp him in some Adidas and now he adios. Do y'all believe in a parallel universe?. (I do). Kinder folks. Me and his mom was listenin' to his song 'Condom Style' when the condom broke. It's ironic you knock a nigga unconscious then he make conscious quotes. Why provoke? Somethin' out the trunk blew (blue) his whole face, watch me pop a (Papa) Smurf. We don't wanna hear them 2006 bars that you got for Surf. I'll put ya mom to work. Head back, mouth open she tryin' to drive the boat. Introduce him to a Heckler. Why? For thinkin' I'm a joke. I just wanted to talk, give him a pep, see (Pepsi) but he too busy tryin' to find the Coke. I flare 'matics, you reach it'll frighten niggas. This ain't Scare Tactics. Sleepin' on me? Long enough only gonna hurt you like an air mattress. You'll see an arm wave from a distance, think we was practicin' fair catches. Whether it's guns or bitches, we gang bang and we share ratchets. I got Cassidy, ohh, I'm in big man beef. Which require them big choppers, he talkin' Hitman teeth. What?!. But I got a pistol tucked in the linin' of my custom designin'. I light skin wit' bald heads but we got nothin' in common. We experienced different pains. The nigga you starin' at, mama ain't used to miss his games. But I ain't have no father figure for years, I only seen daddy in them picture frames. Every other night, auntie was stickin' different veins. I'm from an era whatever ya parents wish for, and couldn't afford, was how they picked ya name. You still AOL Instant Messaging, we got different A.I.M. When y'all see a nigga wit' the gift of (w)rappin' under a tree, y'all might think Christmas came. See now, the way I structure these bars is the definition of true writin'. I'm a true titan, walkin' through life blindfolded, followin' moon lighting. And Street Fightin' under new Bison. But when I pull out that A.R.?. 15 nigga, I don't mean Ab so don't get too frightened. How you Tyson in this ring and they say I move like him?. In battle rap you mic'd in but how you Mike and I'm the one that tie my shoes like him?. Every clip a comma, period I don't use hyphens. Question marks who be talkin' the talk but still they move frightenin'. Now this expands deep. The way these crackers use us niggas and you can't speak. With a voice to inspire yo' people, that don't mean you woke cause you can't sleep. Over the years we both battled cats. But yo' style of battle rap is antique. It's either A. Kill him now. Or peel and get rid of him next day after, that's my Plan B. He want oohs and ahhs for everybody bar and y'all do extra. I've been on cruise control for 12 years, ain't no need to gas the nigga in the Tesla. It's funny, I'll put a Heckler to you heckler. Squeeze, then put a bunch of holes (hoes) in ya man chin (mansion) like Hugh Hefner. My preacher sellin' dope. Your preacher sellin' hope. My preacher sellin' dope. But when you in the position he in it's a sin to crack a smile even tell a joke. I ain't gon' lie y'all I swear to God, this the realest shit I ever wrote. I was a fan nigga. In high school to me you was the man nigga. . [Cassidy]. I'm still the man. . [Arsonal]. No you not nigga!. You was supposed to progress over the years and your talent didn't expand nigga. I really fucked witchu, I ain't see another level than you. In '03 I fought a nigga for sayin' J-Hood was better than you. But then you bitched up. $50,000, rejected from Mook. That broke my heart, nigga not what I expected from you. Thought you was Cassidy, The Hustla, with split personalities, who get get mo' cheddar. Come to find out he Barry Adrian Reese. Some nigga in a 'Hotel' in a B-Boy stance, that's it, it gets no better. You wack!. You wildin'. 5002-0?. You stylin'. Every time I hear Cass' verse I think Juvey 'bout to say, "This for the '99 and the 2000!". You lost a lot of weight, and you lost to the window of a Chevy. You lost to Goodz, you lost yo' fuckin' mind. That's four L's I count already. But them 5002 battles y'all they ain't all fake. It's just 4,999 of 'em that ain't on tape. See me? I know ya type. Lotta lip on you, you gotta overbite. How you expect to keep up wit' the new era? You was the prototype. I'm an outlaw, but when you livin' in the South, Paw you should know your rights. I sold coke, I got Proof I get Bizarre with that white, boy, bitch I'm Obie Trice. Now I could smack him wit' an open fist then choke his bitch. Then draw on Cass' (cast) but not how high school students treat a broken wrist. I'm on a crash course. I'll pop up in his future and take the mask off. After itchin' for it for six weeks tonight I finally cut Cass' (cast) off. You the type of nigga a bitch say, "Why you lyin' on her cat?". How you even expect that pussy was yours when she told you lyin' on her back?. See, I don't trust niggas who miss they target. Here's the proof in that. I got a nigga that's no longer my friend cause he missed the nigga we was shootin' at. I'm Omar Epps as J. Reid I told him, "Hand me the grip.". Flew to Philly to walk all over his grass and treat him like he's Stanley and shit. You used to be at the Sixers game actin' like you and Iverson family and shit. He ain't even from Philly, it took a nigga like Meek to bring this city a championship. Nigga, my shit is real, my shit is raw, my shit is authentic. You can't spell "Bars" without puttin' that "Ars" in it. . [Round 2: Cassidy]. Off top, if the lead clap, you dare to get your head wrapped. Skull shot, bald spot, you'll never grow ya dreads back. Yo this nigga dead Smack, don't stop the fight. If you Hulk Hogan leg drop tonight the Calicoe pop tonight. He might've missed the punch but I'm quick to punch, so watch the right. If I steal him that shit'll cost me, y'all can copy, right? (copyright). Dawg, I can box, I'm nice. Watch ya tongue, bitch I'm not the one. You said you ain't no shotgun so I know you never shot a gun. I shot a gun but never got shot wit' one. So what you got a daughter and you love her nigga, fuck her grandfather's son. This nigga daughter prolly stupid cause her father dumb. I saw a pic of her and couldn't tell if he got a daughter or got a son. You never gotta run if you got a strap. My favorite gun I gave to AR and he shot a cat, I never got it back. . Yo quiet down man. . [Smack]. Y'all gotta hold it down! Let him rap. Please. Please! Please! Hold it down. . [Cassidy]. Tretch investin' in U-Dubb but ain't make no profit back. To make ya pockets fat you had to leave that league and rock wit' Smack. It's obvious who make the hotter tracks. Yo platinum might've been ya goal but I'm the one that got a plaque. You battled Charron and grabbed ya phone cause you forgot ya raps. You choked it's true, but if they see me chokin' it's cause I'm chokin' you. He choke a lot. His mom choke on cock, she be chokin' too. How broke is you?. Your house in Miami should have an ocean view. How much coke you do?. I peep you got teeth like a smoker do. This clown was in a Face Off smilin' like how the Joker do. . Yo, y'all gotta turn my mic up man. . [Smack]. Yo, y'all gotta turn it down. . [Cassidy talking]. Let me get some water if I gotta scream for niggas to hear me. . [Smack]. Yo hold it down. Let him rap. Let him rap. Let him rap. Let him rap. Let's get it. Hold it down!. . [Cassidy brings it back 16 bars]. ...But I knew that I was roastin' you cause all I heard was, "Suck my dick! Suck my dick!". I said, "Dang, this fag emotional.". I'll tell a chick to suck my dick, that's what she's supposed to do. But you would tell a man to suck ya dick and really hope he do. But I ain't come to joke witchu groupie. My life a movie, and I'm castin' actors. Cass' a factor, made a bag off Smack cause Cass' a trapper. The fact Smack booked me twice got you pussies tight. But look it's like I don't really give a fuck; Jaz The Rapper. You know how Jaz The Rapper don't really fuck so I assume her pussy tight. Look, I'm nice I'm not your average rapper. I black out, just ask the crackers. When I aim .9's I aim mine diagonally, so you could die in agony. And bang mine. We losin' when it's game time. Ain't possible dickhead, like tryin' to cum and piss and the same time. I don't bang slime, but can have some niggas touch you nigga, fuck you!. When I throw up some fingers it's not a gang sign. Lame, when it came time I chose a lane. Over change I unload them thangs, get shot in ya face; Novocain. Burn ya body up, then ya body what I'ma throw in flames. Can burn ya body up, it's arson, no remains. Listen, Ars' in no position to front. Know ya name Durrell Jones, you don't load and aim, you talkin' game. It's snakes in the grass but I'm on point like cobra fangs. Squeezin' like a boa constrictor 'til I got shoulder pain. This strap over the shoulder hang when I blam mine. Period. This pussy could fill his holes wit' tampons, I'm serious. I've been plugged in like a landline. And I throw up my hands you just throwin' up hand signs. When the hand .9 by the Jimmy, Jones I Just Blaze. It's a wrap if you owe ('Oh) Boy'; Cam'ron. Listen, I'll cock the Koch, it's a lil' K like ya man Shine. It's light but it sounds so BIG that I call the can' "Shyne". This type of disrespect you can't find. I'll make ya damn mom swallow the dick in front of ya grandmom. Fuck ya baby mom in the kitchen a bunch of damn times. Hittin' while ya daughter do dishes, I'm out my damn mind. If you not a fan, fine. But this clearly a decisive win, I got the type of pen that's so dope I could ghost write for Em'. I feel I could go to a gun fight with a knife and win. Until my god decide when my life will end, I'm slicin' skin. Stab you wit' the knife and then. Pull a pipe, aim and put a bullet right in the same hole the knife was in. Bitch, every fist fight I win. But I hate I have to fight a case cause a fake nigga fightin' for his life again. He get prescribed Vicodin and get a metal plate in his jaw so he get the nod if he try to take a flight again. It's simple and plain (plane) I let it fly when the flight come in, the white come in. You slow? Go to Google search and type it in. Yeah I'm nice and slim. Prolly don't believe I can box until you need a doc to give you stitches so the bleedin' can stop. Cause you gon' be bleedin' a lot. One punch to the jaw you sippin' lunch through a straw, regardless if you vegan or not. . {Crowd starts to boo}. . [Smack]. Yo hold it down. We ain't doin' that shit. I need y'all to be quiet while he's rappin'. Let's get it. Hold it down. Hold it down! Hold it down. Let's get it Cass'. Hold it down. Everybody on the stage. Everybody hold it down. Let's get it Cass'. . [Cassidy]. Listen. I got a Calicoe, so right off top I'll have you chumps runnin' out the door like Brizz after the Mook punch. The last few months I've been plannin' this guy body. Cause bodyin' guys is my hobby. My body got a arm/leg/leg/arm/head it's a God body. I swear to God all I fear is Allah so why try me?. Cross me get crucified, why would I lie akhi?. You look like the Predator by prey (pray) on God akhi. They say if you starvin' to death, Christ be the savior?. But to survive akhi, if you was starvin' to death, could rice be the savior?. Yo I know God got me, I show God love but even the haters got God bodied. Time. . [Debo]. We gon' turn Cassidy's mic up. Can you hear Cassidy when he rappin'?. . [Crowd]. Yeah!. . [Debo]. Alright, turn his mic up so he can hear him. Please. . [Round 3: Arsonal]. Ayo, this shit is quite clear. You got booed in Philly, right here. This a nightmare. You should've punched me in my face when I tested you and ended the battle right there!. I said, I'm here to snatch every bit of conf-. . {Crowd starts chanting 3-0}. . I said, I'm here to snatch every bit of confidence from your consciousness. Since you tryin' to convince the world yo' accomplishments, I'm yo consequence. I ain't one you can intimidate what you poppin' shit. My passport look just like yours, I been to them continents. I said I gave back to my city for real I sit wit' the congressmen. I been had an eagle throwin' bullets before Donovan. I had real white boys on Smack before Solomon. I was sendin' Hollows through glass before Jonathan. Now if you so successful musically, why you don't go back to that?. He don't believe me his mother tried to suck dick through an Apple jack. Now if you so successful musically, why you don't go back to that?. Cause you can't. The only check you could generate is through battle rap. That's a Snapple fact. These bars, Drake dissin' Meek they comin' 'Back To Back'. This man? Con', I should sock him in his mouth, bitch I'm Cactus Jack. Soon as the lights go low, nigga that's when the mood change. I walked into Philly as Tity Boi, but I'm goin' home as 2 Chainz. My daddy was State Property before the Philly niggas used it as a group name. And in this sport, you will never pass an Ars'/Lux or Mook name. You changed. In battle rap we still treat you as a new name. But to this faggot ass industry you a lil' higher up the food chain. I'm from Ellis Ave and Hopkins nigga, Grape Street Goon Gang. In '05 I had a 5X white tee with a MAC-11 on a shoestring. Give me a fuckin' reason. Panic attack, he start to rush his breathin'. Last battle he got booed like it was cuffin' season. He talk a good game 'til he get his with A. Smith, but these ain't come from Steven. .357's, .9's, MAC-11's, I'm usin' all odd numbers to get fuckin' even. You are not the villain. Chopper squeelin'. Doctors willin' to fix him then I let somethin' big peel (pill); amoxicillin. I got a gun so big nigga, this the one I'm not concealin'. You got a Bobby Boucher mind, ya brain ain't do the proper healin'. Now go 'head, tap my pockets like you did Goodz if you want. I'ma let you. But what I'm a do back gon' be way more disrespectful. I'm special. Inf' beam on any skin, that's a freckle. That's true, I point this .9 at you (achoo), hope God bless you. I'm Ali great, heard you brought some Bloods to disrespect. I'll throw a BK in they face, KD and Kyrie tape. Back then I was Superbad, I'm talkin' high speed chase. I was 16 wit' a .45 I guess ID fake. I do my dirt alone, fuck a co-defendant. Know ya limits. You talkin' to a nigga whose cereal boxes came wit' the roaches in it. Pain I was soakin' in it. Gang I was soakin' wit' it. Told you I question marks, I let it bang and now he open ended. I can walk around ya hood wit' all my jewelry on, but I choose not to. To avoid havin' to pop who might try to do me wrong. I got a shooter in the car right now wit' the toolie drawn. Since we in Philly and all my friends are dead I choose to walk around wit' my Uzi on. You talkin' "Bars is back". Nigga I had bars back when Biggie had a Coogi on. What type shit you be on?. I'm still livin' the lyrics from his 'Juicy' song. Police try to call the police on me cause I'm tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter. That's right, cause I'm from Newark, New Jersey, a city where we can't even drink our water. While you was livin' your dream Cass', I was dreamin' to get a Dreamcast. I ain't even have a bed, nigga. I was sleepin' on a bean bag. While the roaches and the mice was in my room playin' freeze tag!. You was on tour, nigga, I was on the floor, nigga. I'll invite you to the studio. And serve the clip soon as the beat low. He knock, I'm on the other side like, "Put yo' eye to the peephole.". I said, when this smoke; bald heads, whole lotta chemo. This nigga stay on the line, he shoot a whole lotta free throws. But drugs ain't the way though. We know, they know. He start to scramble wit' the cheese, he get hit wit' the biscuit wit' the potato. Then he scramble wit' the cheese and I'mma let (omelet) the tre (tray) go. I push the button down on the toaster he brain pop out like an Eggo. I ain't ya Migo nigga. I'll take off on Quavo. No extension, baby .9's, it might Offset the Drako. A Jersey nigga, disrespectin' a Philly nigga. In Philly. Brotherly love is not our thing. But if you such a Philly nigga and you got respect for Philly niggas Why you ain't pop out fiend?. Like, if you really got so much respect for Philly niggas. Then why ain't you say nothin' to the Meek MIlly nigga about the Philly nigga we all seen knock out Beans?. Now that was a cheap shot...clearly...Tito's vodka. This tiny nigga could never get straight wit' I (eye), ask Debo doctor. I had Cass' lookin' for son like he Nemo father. Bars is back, I treat a mic (Mike) like I'm Tito father. I got my drink and my dutchie. You just beat a murder? People think that you lucky?. Nah nigga, people think that you a custy. But since you was loyal to ya team, in ya mind that's okay. See he startin' think like he Rusy. Trust me, whatever you do, don't touch me. I pull up wit' a stick under the pit, so it's musty. And the pistol sittin' comfy. I put my right hand up to God. My first drive-by was on the two pegs of a honkey. We was teenagers, five bricks, we was trafficin' out the Days Inn. I come from playin' Madden on the street, really tacklin' on the pavement. Made men, e'rybody gripped. Ya bitch gon' dress like a pinata for Halloween cause she let e'rybody hit. I walk in ya front door leave e'rybody hit. Even the family pet. Three rounds all bars, I ain't mention Gilly or no motherfuckin' tranny yet. I ain't even gon' finish my shit. I'ma just do it like this. I know! I know! I hit him wit' a hollow, how low, bullet in him. He runnin' off the stage like he wallow. My shit is real, my shit is raw, my shit is authentic. And you can't spell "bars" without that "Ars'" in it. . [Round 3: Cassidy]. When you get a God body he could either get the fire or six feet of dirt. A service in the Imam Masjid or a preacher church. A person that's deceased wit' the crypt keeper first. You can't meet death unless you meet wit' the Grim Reaper first. You know what? I'ma go from ya toe up shoot ya sneakers first. It'll kick and remove ya feet before you lose I'ma defeat (da feet) ya first. At least critique work before you take the stage cause the stakes is raised. You actin' like you want action, I'ma break a leg. Wait I paid a Smack fiend a half bean to have heem, shoot ya in ya calf if I scream the word "Caffeine" (calf fiend). This nigga bitch and drag queen. Fuck the wanna-bes, my gun'll squeeze. And I'll silence the K when I'm dumpin' these (knees). No cap, this an ultimate rap. I'll run this league. He got four figures they paid me over a 100 G's. . {Crowd starts booing}. . [Debo]. Hold it down. Hold it down. Please hold it down. Keep goin' Cass'. . [Cassidy]. When it come to cheese, the ones that be trappin' witchu, be the ones settin' the trap so somethin' happened witchu. Better keep the police captain witchu. Or they gonna have to try to skin graph ya thong when the ratchet hit you. . [Guy from the crowd]. Yo Gilly start rapping!. . [Cassidy]. If I clap the pistol, you be cryin' hollerin'. But fuck it, when I bust it, I'm havin' a ball: Iron Solomon. Since I ain't followin' trends I've been convinced. Lames in the game feel my shit is offensive, that's why they in defense. The industry is gay in a sense. Cause it's full of dickheads and assholes and ain't no coincidence. Ayo, I been convinced. Why you claimin' a Crip block?. A fake Crip could drip real Blood if some shit pop. Cuz will need a blood transfusion he get shot. He'll see blood then see the crypt (Crip) keeper if sticks chop. My shit got, punch after punch from the rip Aak. And this chump never punch like Clips in his flip flops. When niggas get knocked they start snitchin' like Clips' pop. I got the white and use the same scale as the fish spot. I had ki's (keys), these niggas learn how to pick locks. I'm the kinda rapper, play wit' the D like a linebacker. The kinda trapper spray ya for free I'm a .9 clapper. Hollow through ya stomach will give you a spine fracture. If I stop ya clock I will not do no time after. If I hit my man he not a hitman he a contractor. He keep a gun if you need it done he'll contact ya. Ya get a private call tonight, the target dialed him all night. I knew the little shooter all his life, he like Chess size. But'll tie ya arms up to ya chest and you get chastised (chest ties). Poke ya throat, cut open ya neck wide. Then use his index and his thumb to pull out ya tongue; Columbian necktie. Alright, well guess why this nigga so afraid. (Why?!). Cause I'm connected like a unibrow and sneak cats puma style. Ya bro behave like a hoe behave. Get hit wit' the blade in ya shoulder now you got a extra shoulder blade. I'm underrated, but I'm overpaid. Since ya mom gettin' old in age that old hoe need to close her legs. Yo I'm so amazed they let a terrorist in. Who bared arms, I got more guns than the hairs on ya chin. And the ice is in the chain. I'm the nicest in the game. Just put a knife up to ya vein and just tear your wrist in. Despite bein' lame. You supposed to be Crip but don't know the rules of the street. You can lose ya teeth if ya open ya lips. And I heard that you supposedly snitch. Who knows though?. It's not like if you lie we'll suddenly see ya nose grow. Pinocchio. I wish a boy would (wood) lie to me. The toy could get allergies, then a fuckin' long nose blow. I feel, y'all still, can't fuck wit' my old flow. Youngin' I'm on my Benjamin Button you lookin' old tho'. The shotgun got double impact, but I hold it so loooow. So when it kick it lift and hit niggas' foreheads; no homo. I never stop grinidin', I'm rockin' diamonds the gold glow. And I'm prepared to do you greasy in here (hair); Soul Glow. But yo yo, I know you not prepared. Off top you gon' dread this loss Aak. Cause I got it locked in here (hair). You should drop a tear (tier). You should've prolly quit. Cause this whole round I broke down how you really supposed to body shit. Nigga you'se a bitch! Gotti shit. See these rounds; Homi shit. You tried to do a Geechi and hide, I shoot the tree down. Bitch I brought a 100 clip, you only came wit' three rounds?. Keep it a 100, you run wit' Crips but you wanna be down. The NFL signed Jay-Z and Meek free now. But these clowns forgot why Kaepernick put his knee down. See now, this round was called "Body Parts" cause this the part where you get bodied, you ain't play ya part. It ain't nobody fault. I caught a body, walked and ain't talked or call witness. This a murder yo but it ain't personal it's all business. And before it's all finished. Just admit it, I'm dope bitch I'm the GOAT. And they heard that stupid shit that you wrote. TimeEmbed