. [Hook: 22Gz]. Niggas mad. they know we up next. Hit the bump. and then I dump checks. NIggas mad I know they dumb vexed. Chase a bag my niggas must flex. Whoo. Whoo, niggas mad they hella upset. Niggas mad, they know we jump next. Hit the bump and then I dump checks. Whoo, Whoo, chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up next. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up next. [Verse 1: 22Gz]. 22 pull up I'm tossing, bet you start picking your coffin. We winning, y'all niggas forfeit, 3 more rights and then we off it. Get nailed to the cross if he "flossin". My niggas aiming for noggins. They flocking, the bros get to bending shit. Henny, patron, yea I'm sipping it. Talk guala , we all about benjamin's. 260 blixkys get to finishing. One, two, three how I be pining shit. I swear to God I be sinning shit. AR's and macs, don't do mini shit. Free all em felons in sentences. I cannot fuck with an innocent. Just want her to suck on my tip again. Paid in full, told my young niggas spray if they "Woo". Hollow tips in the grip, Steph thirty in the clip. They was running relays, they shook (Gliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit). . [Hook: 22Gz]. Niggas mad they know we up next. Hit the bump and then I dump checks. NIggas mad I know they dumb vexed. Chase a bag my niggas must flex. Whoo Whoo niggas mad they hella upset. Niggas mad they know we jump next. Hit the bump and then I dump checks. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up next. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up next. You might also like[Verse 2: Nas Blixky]. How they took my nigga Queez. And I screaming fuck 12 and free my nigga Beans. Put a beam on the blixk. With a 30 and a stick how the fuck can I miss. I swear the opps, don't want smoke. Niggas talk , then they quiet when a nigga let his gun blow. Rounds sound like drum rolls. I don't shoot from a distance, but i'm in it like mutombo. All my money look jumbo. If you say you got guns then why the fuck you run for. I done seen alot of fake shit. I'm just tryna get this money in the kitchen tryna make shit. Young nigga tryna touch gus. All my niggas on pieces, nobody can trust us. Dare nigga try to touch us. Got youngins in the field, I ain't scared to let the gun bust. 30 shooting at the opposition let the cops go hear it. I ain't never missing, boy these niggas tripping. Extended clips all my niggas clipping. Hollow tips leave ya body dripping. Yellow tape cause we hit the witness. She work the dick like it's planet fitness. Bust a piece now this shit is hitting. If I'm lacking better blow the smithin. Spitting shit that you ain't really living. Hollows hit you now your body missing. Beat the case, then it's states I'm skipping. Sipping lean now my body tripping. Gang, sipping lean now my body tripping, gang. [Hook: 22Gz]. Niggas mad they know we up next. Hit the bump and then I dump checks. NIggas mad I know they dumb vexed. Chase a bag my niggas must flex. Whoo Whoo niggas mad they hella upset. Niggas mad they know we jump next. Hit the bump and then I dump checks. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset,Niggas mad they know we up next. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset,Niggas mad they know we up next. . [Verse 3: Breezo Blixky]. Y'all know how I play. They call me six-o when I spin with the eight. Six shots on my waist. These niggas is bitches they talking to jakes. Spin through ya block with my guys and we throwing up rakes. Niggas want war put them shells to they face. Niggas is mad they ain't getting no cake. Sitting in the H with my guys toting eight. 16 with me and he toting that nine. See an opp nigga take him right out his prime. Tutu with me, get hit in ya spine. Spin through the nine and we dumping out nine. . [Hook: 22Gz]. Niggas mad they know we up next. Hit the bump and then I thumb checks. NIggas mad I know they dumb vest. Chase a bag my niggas must flex. Whoo Whoo niggas mad they hella upset. Niggas mad they know we jump next. Hit the bump and then I thumb checks. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up next. Whoo Whoo chase a bag my niggas must flex. Niggas mad they hella upset, niggas mad they know we up nextEmbed