Pardon this army. Young Seige the new Marcus Garvey. Blacker the berry, sweeter juice uh. Darker the skin the tighter the noose. Truth prevails. Once they make hating a crime, go to jail. Nigga might save your life, post your bail. Church full of evil guys, holy hell. I’ma young voodoo child, know the spell. They don’t want you to win, want you to win. People dying in the streets all due to skin. Science says Africa’s the birthplace of man. Guess that means we really all niggas in the end. You see innocence, I see inner sin. Sick of asking, we bout to start blasting. Sick of waiting we bout to start taking. We occupy the spot and leave that mother fucker vacant. Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. Yo night is ours just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that be. Just Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. We got riot for hours. Just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that be. I done lost a lot of friends and some next of kin. Everybody mean well till the checks come in. Known to get rowdy, I’m black and proud. I hit like good weed, you just black and mild. I put a spell on you. I ain't never been a damn foo. She wanna see my damn voodoo. My potion made her friend come too. I’ve always known the best crooks to wear suits and ties. Niggas hungry for the truth but consuming lies. Even heroes die, even killers cry. In every peaceful mind there’s a war inside. It’s fuck up how the world has destroyed our pride. You gotta take out a loan just to take a chick home. And by the time she finally let yo ass inside. You find out that pussy ain't worth a dime. Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. Yo night is ours just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that be. Just Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. We got riot for hours. Just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that be. Why can't a black man go to college, who said white folks control the knowledge. Why I gotta have dough huh? why I always gotta stunt, why can't I be myself round these hoes huh?. Why I gotta rock a fade like the rest of yall  fuck them Jays why I gotta look my best for yall?. Why I gotta act nice, I don't eff wit yall, girl all I want is the sex, what we textin for?. The Seige keepin it real, why act? Why I only listen to rap music just cause I'm black. Why I can't like rock? why I gotta sell rocks, why can't I try stocks huh?. Why I walk into a store and they don't treat me right? is it cause my nose big they don't treat me white?. Why I turn into a killer if I'm seen at night? 90s kids but we know what them 60s like. Why can't Taz be a part of the upper class? why I only gotta like girls for tits and ass?. Why I gotta carry guns just to kill my race, but do nothing to the cops that will beat my face. Why I gotta look in the mirror and hate myself and take drugs to the head till I ain't myself?. Why my pops ain't around? why there ain't no men? and why am I expected to grow up and be like him?. Hey yo. . Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. Yo night is ours just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that be. Just Fight the Power. Ignite the Towers. We got riot for hours. Just Fight the Power. We gotta fight the powers that beYou might also like1Embed