Take a look at my face when you look at me. Do you just see my race?. In America just trying to find my place. Take a look at my, Take a look at my face. You listening America?. Are you listening America?. . [Verse 1: Alex Faith]. I woke up white in America trying to find my way. Back home to a place that I've never been to. Grateful to the Lord for another day. And the system is failing us. Handing out nooses on the regular. That's what I see and we don't speak enough. And even when we see it we don't do a thing about it. I guess it doesn't affect is til we see a white body. Laying dead in the street because the police shot him. And most white neighborhoods don't have the same problems. That the black ones face like every single day. And the news don't say it because the corporations run it. And the state run it all, politicians are a joke. And the two party system just killing us all the more. But let me fall back, I can hear my white friends packing bags and they're headed for the door. [Hook]. . [Verse 2: Dre Murray]. I woke up black in America just trying find my way. No compass for the day. Beast roaming through the jungle on the prowl. Got me feeling like the prey. Can a congregation pray. Sly fox on the tube infuse what to think and what to say. That's the games they play. Eastwood in the hood and he yelling out make my day. That's why the sky so gray. Why the flag so blue on the other side the flag so red. My little homey from the Eastside opened the front door wide and took one to the head. Nobody went fed as he laid in the doorway he cried out as he bled. And this what he said. Why play the hand I'm dealt when my own kind want me dead. I'll just fold instead. . [Hook]. . [Verse 3: Swoope]. I woke up shocked in America. Eric G head locked in America. Televised got shot on a cellular. But not one cop locked in a cellie bruh. It's really hard for me to put my trust in police ugh. When they live by the gun. But they die by the beach house chilling with their feet up. Pensions and margaritas. What kind of lies are they selling us?. That we are post-racial?. Because we post racial memes of King. But never talk about the fact that he was shot by America. Before the movie y'all didn't even know where Selma was. Should I act like Huey or Little Rock Nine?. When I know instead of open arms to welcome us. They'd rather open arms, toolie or the Glock 9. Right in my faceYou might also likeEmbed