Yo, in your battle against that one guy. You said that one thing and it was really dumb. I make him go really dumb for talking slick when I put that metal in his mouth, now that's a silver tongue. You started battle rapping at the age of 51. Back when you were really young. I don't act like I carry a silly gun but my girl does and She Bang like William Hung. That picture in my living room? That's the one that William hung. Crazy with the hands I got silly thumbs. I don't kill a ton but I move weight by the kiloton. Just wait til my shipments come, this butt head been a bum. Catch me in the kitchen whipping up sticky buns. Your favorite Pokemon is Lickitung. I make him stop motion like Chicken Run. My mom beat you in a footrace, that chick can run. Just cause you grip the heat doesn't mean you're more real than me. It just means that we have fun on Friday nights very differently. I like to hand paint ornaments from my Christmas tree. And I enjoy the mystery of seeing what Santa decided to get for me. But you spend Christmas week. Trying to get people underneath the mistletoe so you can make your fist kiss their teeth. Neither way is right or wrong, we're just different, see?. I seek inner peace by sipping tea like my skin is green. But then I hit the streets...to trick or treat. With my friends, with the hope that they'll finally share their Twix with me. You seek serenity by going on a killing spree. And punching the first kid you see wearing skinny jeans. As you head outside to race limousines. Seems pretty legit to me. But we're not enemies. We can do friendly things. You can watch season 3 of Friends with me. And I'll even let you have the password to my Netflix for free. We can garden together. I'll trim the weeds and plant all types of different seeds. And in the spring, I'll go with you to see your grandson play little league. We'll have a ball...literally. My car the same color that citrus be. I call it a "lemon drop". Bend the block in that wide body trunk so big I get followed by Sir Mix-A-Lot. My whip is hot. It's like when I lost my baseball cards, that's missing Topps. Leave him with missing tops, red dot, itchy trigger finger, give 'em all chicken pox. My favorite type of pie? Chicken pot. I own 50 Glocks and the calicoes shoot bullets the same size as a litter box. You'll see defeat like my missing socks. It'll be a clean sweep, I own three Swiffer mops. Lick a shot, then get your chick in the Coupe faster Fantastic Mr. Fox. Yo, listen pops. I'll hit him so hard it'll split my hands like Mr. Spock. Keep acting like what you spit is hot and that'll get Ice creamed in the future like Dippin Dots. [Round 1: Head I.C.E.]. I'm a legend to the vets. I even main event perform for all the rookies. And all you pussy. And I been giving you niggas the messages like fortune cookies, nigga. Piff in the Swisher stick, pick a rhythm. I'm like Swiss and Kiss, I'll air you. Pick a beat, and watch me weave through a track like your bitches hair do. How I'm looking king?. Oh that's just royalties. You getting signed? Bow, now you blind. And The Wolf running off with all your royalties. You looking to sue?. Well, we done gave Surf all the money for his lawyer fees. I'm the King Of The Dot. When Rone, see me, he tuck in his chain. Shit ain't gon' be the same for Carter Deems. I should be going platinum in a week. S Dot, Carter 3, but instead I got a Martin King. Kids with they darkest dreams and be they leadership. Cause they'll never see this shit in Carter Deems. You good for a joke but stand up. If they let the dogs out to play your cat ass gon' cram up. Let's keep it G. If I'm in your house, your family gon' feel uncomfortable. Not cause I'm black and my size. Your family gon' feel uncomfortable because I'm black and my size. That's not a joke. And that outfit, yo' daddy wore when he rape you and your cousin was a costume. It was not the pope. Laugh now. I used to spit spitballs and pop rubber bands at class clowns. Snatches, gimmie mines, wedgies, show yo' ass now. You the water boy. Players can't even trust you with the water boy. You been came out the closet. Now you trying to scare us by busting out the wall, the boy?. Stop playing kid games, before you miss a piece, like one of my kids game. Then I hide the gun like some friends of my kids came. I'm with the shit. Yeah, you should avoid death. Some of my wolves embrace it as a joy, yes. So that murder weapon can be that Willie Mays bat from out your toy chest. My mind be thinking, how it feel on the inside of a thick bitch. Yo' mind be thinking, "My next battle, I hope Joe Cutter show up so we can share this box of chitlins. In your back pocket you pull out fish sticks. Your left jacket pocket got lipstick. Your right jacket pocket got biscuits. They laughing cause they know your art. I'm rapping to expose your heart. Fuck a flea market, this should've been in the meat market. Cause you was food from the start. Now give me something to laugh at. Crack me up. Cause off crack, we up. But you don't know nothing about that re-up so we gon' look past that. But yo' aunt, she can pump diesel for me. Your sister? She can test needles for me. You got a brother? He look anything like Joe Cutter. Then he can sneak into a biker club and kill people for me. I'm with the shit. My mom said I got my pop's eyes. And when people look in 'em. They instantly take an order instead of giving one like pot pies. Any sign of disrespect could possibly lead to a pedestrian death like missing a stop sign. I be speeding. But I'm in the right lane that's what got me here. Plane seats got the driver side feeling just as good as granny rocking chair. Ho, ho, ho I ain't talking Santa's lap. If I send you a gift after I light the tree, your whole family wrapped nigga. Bomb threat, Glock 26, extensions look like the leg on a Vietnam vet. Cut the war stories. You can't DVR this drama. So much blood in your mouth, only your family will do CPR to revive ya. Taste the love nigga. You might also like[Round 2: Carter Deems]. Let's get back to these real bars. Yo I'm spitting so much fire we don't even need heat in this place. I'm running the streets at a pace where you'd get beat in a race. But before we go forward be honest, are you gonna punch me in the face?. You're a very graceful man. He usually has three women feeding him grapes. While he takes three other women simultaneously on amazing dates. Believe me he's great. You'll see it's fate. Our friendship's written in the stars. So understand if you're needing your space. But for real though, are you gonna punch me?. For real, let me know if you're gon' hit me. Let me know even if you're so-so or iffy. I was just kidding about you being over 50. I tried to pick some girls up earlier and so far I'm O for 50. And those girls weren't even remotely pretty. So maybe you should punch me in the face so at least I can invoke some pity. You sleep on a futon. That's why your back and neck's weak. I'm feeling so well rested I won't have to sleep again til next week. Decorative pillows, cover slips, comforters, my bed's neat. That's why I get the best sleep. I'm not making this up I Excel every time I spread sheets. You'll get crossed for sleeping on the kid, that's plaid pajamas. Your favorite Wu-Tang member? That's Cappadonna. I'll grab the blocka, bring John John in show you how to cap a Don...uh. Yo badge of honor. I get followed by the police but I lose the tail like an attacked iguana. You test the dude it's petting zoo. You act sheepish around the goat (GOAT) and I'll pack a (alpaca) Llama. My car the same as my bunk bed, I don't like the top. The only time that I.C.E. is hot is when he wears Icy Hot. He pulls his thighs a lot. You looking stupid boss that's Michael Scott. It's just another day at The Office when the rifle pop. That'll put a spring in his step like Nike Shox. Yo, I'm the hottest cat in this (Katniss) and I'm not talking bout Mocking Jay. I'll swallow a lady's wedding ring and throw the diamond up like I'm mocking Jay. Dame threw the Roc away, not sure how much that rock will weigh. When my cat starts snoring I make her turnover like I threw the rock away. I make her lean back, I got a lean back that's why I walk in a very awkward way. You have a very disrespectful disposition towards women, that's misogyny. You have arthritis so please let me know if you want me to massage your knee. Oh, you wanna box with me?. Well I can hit him in the back like Apollo Creed. But this cat's back, not something that my cat massagers need. [Round 2: Head I.C.E.]. I said, eh try not to swallow your tongue in this motherfucking battle. You hear me chump?. Cause the way shit looking, now-a-days they'll charge me for that murder, you hear me Trump?. This a rapper who catch real bodies, vers'. A nigga who believe what they saying about Bill Cosby. Is you serious O?. I thought Avacado and Pro would know they limits. Instead they put a Wolf vers' a nigga who'll wear a shirt with four beige cats. And on the back say "OJ did it.". I ain't got time for this shit. Stop hiding the chain before I rob something. And stop putting me against niggas who look like old school cops that locked up the mob or something. I'm in the streets for real. And I keep the steel. If Carter Deems just pop up, how I'ma tell my peeps to chill?. And some of them will prolly take off cause they think he got a gun and the badge and they keep the steel. But once they realize he ain't a cop, or coming to cop. They next option is to keep him still. Til I send my young Wolf to get the ransom money from your mother and father. And we keep him...still. That's my type. So find me a rapper who talk my talk and we can climb heights. Til then, this just feel like me walking in the gym. And letting all the cameras take pictures of me. Cause I'm the one in the lime light. Mayweather. Wait til you see what I do to that boy in May weather. And this is April. I wish I was fooling you niggas but this ain't the first of the month. Besides, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony song was way better. It's the first of the month, wake up, wake up. You computer smart, I just come put ER's (computer) to work. Street knowledge. Don't compare us. He on the web, I'm the spider sitting in the middle seat. Talking to these so called baller nigga's bitches; John Salley nigga. I like revolvers I can pop shit trying to pick up and find the shell that dream's a nightmare. But them sixteens is hotter than an ovio[?] dis. Oh you can thank drizzy for that hotline. Chris breezy for the dance moves, anyway. You a letter in a bottle type of spitter. I'ma tell loaded lux so what you battled him. Go do a song with hollow type of nigga. Spring breaker coffee maker. Move and shaker gentleman and gangster. Miley cyrus play with polly pockets. Me? The rapper who put fear in Iron Solomon. With seven bad bitches willing to love and fuck me, I am Solomon nigga. I would left hook lacy this nigga to the past tense. Then uppercut this chump til he have a giraffe neck. Then alley oop slam dunk his head into a trash bin. Off the half step nigga. Lotta people thought I wasn't gonna have an angle for you, I've been telling 'em. "This battle is stopping his moms from making him have a yard sale on the balcony.". I'm expecting a "thank you" from him. But you can keep it of course. Then again you can thank me by coming with me to book people like the cheapest resorts. I'll play the Grim Reaper. You just wear those sneakers and they'll think we need the support nigga, yeah. Ice, fuck it. . [Round 3: Carter Deems]. With you we really know that the gats aren't clapping. I brought the tools to cut him off at the same time he was rapping. I'm just a silver tongue stud who wears a silver tongue stud. My dad will be 61 in a month but to you he's still a young blood. I can call you an irrelevant has been but I have respect for your passion. You've seen deadly assassins like The Predator tracking. You had the weapon attached and drew/Andrew like President Jackson. You got the pockets full of president Jacksons. You got the president stacking but I'm 'bout to take it all away. You can call me Young Federal Taxes. I know you've seen things that I could never imagine. I'm not here to debate whether it happened. But we're not here to see who's seen the most murders we're here to see who's better at rapping. ...Which is also you. Props are prolly due that's the honest truth. If we battled on top of the building I would've already jumped off the roof. My car? It's off the roof. What are you doing later?. Cause I already called ahead and got a booth at a Jamba Juice. And don't worry about what it's costing you I got a lot of loot. I don't know what your favorite flavor is but don't worry they got all the fruits. My car is the same color as Steve Harvey's suit. That's red, orange and blue. I know big dogs that's Marmaduke. I also know tiny puppies that will hardly bark at you. You call it a gang? I call it a slightly larger group. I'm shining like a sparkly tooth. You can catch me with my family at a barbecue. Cause I stay with my kin (Ken) like Barbie do. Yo, I found a cute kitten behind a dumpster, she was a stray like that. I'm a responsible cat dad, so I got her spayed like that. I know that you hate my cats. You wanna scrap well I may fight back. I'm never scared, but I did come prepared. Just in case you hit me in the face like that. Look, cause I know you punching a lot, running the block. Dumping the Glocks. But I can cook a Lean Cuisine just by looking at the picture on the front of the box. Pop-corn, Bagel Bites, Pizza Rolls and all types of microwavable foods. I'm crazy my dude. The box said to cook it in three minutes but I made it in two. And it was amazing to chew. I'm not afraid of you. I'm wild and crazy dude. When I was maybe two I ate an entire Baby Ruth and I only had one baby tooth. I hated baby food, I'm not here to play with you so don't get it twisted like your ankle do. You wanna start something and change the mood. Well I'll slide to the side of the beef like a staple food. I'm really eating off my paper, that's staple food. I ate a hot dog when I saw the Lakers, that's Staples food. You can catch me in the dance club doing crazy moves. But lifting the beams the only time I raise the roof. Look, when it comes to hustling I outrun this geezer. The kid gon' pop like Justin Bieber. You're just a soft dude who'll never be real like his fam', that's Cousin Skeeter, look. When cheese pops it's beat box, every time he dumps the heater. But when I grab the chopper it makes me {starts shaking} like I'm having another seizure. . [Round 3: Head I.C.E.]. I said the freaks come out at night. The freaks come out at night. You look like the kid from Freddy Kruger 1 that fell asleep and got pulled into the bed. He ain't even understand what I said. I said, "You look and like the kid from Freddy Kruger 1. You wanted to fall asleep and pull him in your bed, nigga.". I don't even feel comfortable calling you a fruitcake. I prefer egg salad. Cause I'm convinced if an egg had arms and a leg, with a dick, you would toss an egg salad nigga. I should throw 16 bags of tarter sauce at your fishy ass. Non-stop. Like a black trying to catch a gypsy cab. I'm Carl Froch. Fuck a label, I sell it myself to get the cash and you'se a girl. Watch your motherfucking mouth 'fore I beat yo'...nah. Any reference to a body part to you is a gay bar, look at you. Running your fingers through your hair. Giving me that funny ass look you be giving other guys when you trying to scoop 'em in a gay bar. Well Carter Deems. The only Tony/Toni and a Caesar I'm looking to fuck, is related to Tamar. You let Joe Cutter throat stuff ya. You only let that monster out the bag so you could suck him back in one like Ghostbusters. You said you and your daddy be watching the battles and shit when they dropping them shit, right?. . [Carter Deems]. Yeah. . [Head I.C.E.]. Aight, cool. Yo, old fart!. I'ma need you to sit up straight and put this new shit in your old heart. It's gon' hurt like them sores on yo' ass you gotta sit and deal with. So you can take this like your last Viagra pill cause your wife still ain't gon' feel shit. While you pitching a fit, your little brother you in them pictures with. Is the first man who signed his name on your son ass you pencil dick. So I'ma need you to stop hating on blacks or getting your friends to vote for Trump. Or watching rodeo for a month. And go get that bitch. Your moms still ride around in them mini vans? Huh?. I duct tape her. She ever get gassed by us. They be using this last flyer as her fund raiser, nigga. You on death row. Your last words will be a joke probably. Til they finish with the gassing and you realize the last laugh is you a nobody nigga. He Neil Armstrong, he seeing the first alien. Y'all ain't catch that huh?. I said, "He's Neil Armstrong, he's seeing the first L he's in.". Off duty cop in a Dunkin Donut ordering shit you can only get from Krispy Kremes. He don't know what jail he (jelly) in. This my home, you in a no fly zone. You want to see the bigger picture?. Well I turn a gun to the side like a iPhone nigga. Oh that ain't youtube for niggas. But I will shoot you and take you to a doctor like, "You tube the nigga.". IceEmbed