Our people are dying slowly every day. The enemy's trying, attacking every way he can. We gotta fight, we gotta fight, we gotta fight. You see in this generation materialistics. Swallow the minds of these innocent children, yeah. We gotta fight, we gotta fight, we gotta fight. Oh you see the fame and the drugs. The money, the lust, the violence, the hatred. And we must bleed the blood of Jesus. We gotta fight, we gotta fight, we gotta fight. [Chorus]. Oh, and I say, "Devil you can't have my mind". (Devil you can't have my mind). "Devil you can't have my soul". (Devil you can't have my soul). I belong to god and I'm fighting you off. With the power of the Holy Ghost. I say, "Devil you can't have my mind" (Ooh, no). "Devil you can't have my soul". I belong to god and I’m fighting you off. With the power of the Holy Ghost. . [Post-Chorus]. This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). . [Verse 2]. We got some pastors false preaching. These church folks are leaving. 'Cause they're so confused about these wrongfully teachings. Making a bad name for all of us Christians. So many saints are holding unforgiveness. We got nation against nation. Earthquakes in various places. People living in famine. Everyone's losing patience. This is a war cry that everyone needs to hear. I can feel in the air that the end is near. You might also like[Chorus]. Say, "Devil you can't have my mind". "Devil you can't have my soul". I belong to god and I'm fighting you off. With the power of the Holy Ghost. I say, "Devil you can’t have my mind" (No). "Devil you can't have my soul". I belong to god and I'm fighting you off. With the power of the Holy Ghost. . [Post-Chorus]. This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (War cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (War cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). . [Bridge]. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual, a spiritual, a spiritual. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual. This is a spiritual warfare, a spiritual, a spiritual, a spiritual. Our souls are crying out to you Jesus. Our souls are crying out to you Jesus. Our souls are crying out. Our souls are crying out. Tell us what not to do, Jesus. My soul is crying out to you, Jesus. My soul is crying out. My soul is crying out. [Outro]. This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry (This is a war cry). This is a war cry, a war cry, a war cry (This is a war cry). War cry, a war cry, a war cry (This is a war cry). (Devil, you can't have my mind, no). A war cry, war cry, war cry. (Devil, you can't have my soul). A war cry, war cry, war cry. War cry, war cry, war cry (War cry). Power of the Holy Ghost. (Devil, you can't have my mind). This is a war cry, a war cry, this is my war cry3Embed