My young shooter got shot in his eye, it cost big. Refused to rock a eyepatch though, so everybody knew it's him. My whole squadron. Young souls started cold hearted, emboldened the hardest soldiers and martyrs stroll through with armor. Kryptonite ain't doing shit tonight. This that Marvel Universal edit, Supreme Magnetic. They killed George Floyd, fuck the police. Strictly cop-killer shells, no justice, no peace. Mountains of Purple Piff, house on the cliff. Fluffy duffel bags, eighteen thousand a brick. Dummies hustle grams, pay me on top of the vig. Now that's fuzzy math, claiming that you not makin' shit!. Uncle Howie shot the five with that pig. I'll mail you for gruesome crimes against the lives of humanity. My spit voltage, leaves bitches insulted. Stick a ice pick in this vulture while shifting the culture. [Chorus: ILL BILL] x2. They killed an unarmed man!. Watch the city burn!. It's gonna be a hot summer!. Watch the city burn!. I can't breathe motherfucker!. Watch the city burn!. We don't need no water motherfucker!. Watch the city burn!. . [Verse 2: Lord Goat]. The 63rd Precinct Wars, we're all coming down. Another round, my block up in flames like we underground. Defund the pigs, we pop off everything, bananas. Twelve shot hammers, digital apparatus, splattered in mattresses. Spillin' blood up on the blue canvas, Milky Way. They shot him six times in his spine for trying to boost Pampers. Uzi and [my 'Goose'] start work, I Pete Sampras. Two chain inter-junction, selling packs on campus. Everything's rigged now, simulation's employed. They using body doubles, like the autopsy of Floyd. Kiss Breonna Taylor on the cheek, her week shoulda been better. But they shot her in the head while she was folding a sweater. We hit Gucci in Manhattan, overturning Crown Vics. Get loud licks, we bury every sergeant when that sound hits. Dikembe with the grips, Eldridge Cleaver with the brown fist. Explosives under police trucks, they blown to bits. You might also like[Verse 3: Sabac Red]. It's fire until the end like Sabacolypse. Them cops do pop a lotta shit. Soon, they'll regret their systemic and racist politics. Bibles verse the viruses, vaccines contain the microchips. Surveillance on the bikes of kids, this is now the life we live. Zoom collecting data, identity theft and fraud. Full of guilt more than before you seem to pray to your Lord. We see increased anxiety, masturbation from porn. 'Cause you're bored in the house and you're in the house bored. Integrity and assets, our need for us to fact check. When winds fan the flames we get by equity and access. The women influencers in positions of power. I'm talking Presidents and CEO's, we're sick of these cowards. Uber drivers in a route to riots, looting in a crowd of violence. Tired of the shootings, suburbans in moments of silence. Outrageous, kids in cages, abuse and fear. Y'all should have listened, Non Phixion, y'all the future is here uh!. . [Verse 4: ILL BILL]. Crisis an opportunity to entice a man then use a ice pick brutally. Find me where the shooters be. Fearless in a scary world, Doctor York, jerry curls, happy verb, Crazy Eddie shirt, frankenberry herb. Burning police car, sparkle like a pretty girl. Litty with tassels on her titties, let that titty twirl. Tears of grudges and hate shower their shitty world. Smear their blood on my face and watch the city burn!. [Chorus: ILL BILL] x2. They killed an unarmed man!. Watch the city burn!. It's gon' be a hot summer!. Watch the city burn!. I can't breathe motherfucker!. Watch the city burn!. We don't need no water motherfucker!. Watch the city burn!1Embed