When I was just a little boy, me and my father. Would go out back and play a little game of cops and robbers. One day he cocked the gun and pointed at my mom and shot her. And I cried and cried with laughter after I realized it was just water. But things have changed now, the world just ain't the same now. We're frightened but we need to be enlightened, use our brain now. People pointing fingers, trying to find someone to blame now. Ashamed how the game of cops and robbers ain't a game now. . [Chorus: Jordin Sparks]. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. [Verse 2: Todrick Hall]. Look around, tell me how we ever got here. We fightin' hard, but the reasoning is not clear. Stop here, where is the love if it's not here?. The solution to not getting shot here is not fear. And we can fly away on a balloon to another land. Or we can make this home, find another plan. Too much blood on these yellow brick streets. And history repeats until we can finally hold our brother's hand. . [Chorus: Jordin Sparks]. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. . [Bridge: Todrick Hall & Jordin Sparks]. So take my hand in your hand. And let's stand if we can. Pray for all the fallen ones. These ain't (these ain't), these ain't water guns. Take my hand in your hand. And let's stand if we can. Pray for all the fallen ones. These ain't (these ain't), oh, these ain't water guns. You might also like[Chorus: Todrick Hall & Jordin Sparks]. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. These ain't water guns. And please save all our sons and daughters. What we fighting for?. Cause these ain't water guns, water guns no more. . [Outro: Jordin Sparks]. Do you hear them?. These ain't water guns no moreEmbed