When I’m gone. Who gets yo love. The demon in her eyes the quiet clouds. That brig her journey Above crawl out. The sky is falling. High above calling out for my spirits. I send out a salute to my feelings that bring out my lyrics the trust was built to break secrets my heart sticking out my chest how they let this young man get into a cardiac arrest. If I knew my way back to my journey. The path would have me as his special guest Familiar with the love of my heart a true love story I hope I leave more money behind then take more dead to the grave. With me My heart in a unfamiliar territory. There’s more strength in money than love unfortunately. I don’t get to high to fuck me up mentally They better hope we have patience. My tears crying to sounds instrumentally. Did none of them tears lose voice but gained I know one day the ground shall. Break and before they do let me get in the studio with Drake now I think I’ll go buy me a new attitude and keep me the same face I’m tryna Illustrate the picture but how can I blood on the camera lens. And when life sucks I just enjoy the head. {Shoutout Lil Wayne}. Hook. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn, lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn, lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. You might also likeVerse2. Death rides on two wheels rip. Damian from a bicycle to a roadway. Fell in love through what I could say. Surprise gifts like Santa did when Christmas came You get buried in the same sentence You started with Never spent the two cents I started with This the gang they throwing up I know they gon die behind it We only pray for Timing when I listen to your music I don’t understand the lines you be falsely writing Now imagine it,holding out all that we kept “we only pray for Ms while you hope for the best”and I’m always snatching lines Couple these rappers were spoon fed next shit I’m bout to say is obvious. This is everything that comes with accomplishments things that I can get now they tell me things will happen how they supposed to..facts. . Hook. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn, lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn, lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. Verse3. Scared to see what I left behind. That’s when everything went gone. Finally got my mind in a way less ground. It’s all open that’s when I got less to prove to y'all now. Life for my money long as my pockets pushing bread now. To overly Open with people who like you more when you workin' towards. Something globally putting your trust in someone with the risk Of losing purpose for metals and trophies got 4s found guilty tied with time and stories. Robbed and killed for a Rollie rip lez. Now it’s quiet Minus the time and the time been the best ain’t no wrong way to be blessed history repeats while time passes ahead ain’t gonna be no more awards given money my motivation the songs. My sound picture Grammys I won the same rope I climbed the same they cut down (dam). I’ve been down so long that’s when they smile in face I wish I could say I’m proud. Walking towards my journey with my head down you don’t know my hurt. Lost Shane The hood was lost for words bullets struck it only made me breakdown. Been losing my mind still pushing through the worse. . . Hook. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn,lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. Tell me my journey. I’m on my way. It’s looking back at me. , take you off I’m so high my vision blurry both eyes on the money. But my eyes low I look blind. The journey look fine. Live for the night. Damn, lookin at the world like. “Where do we go,” anything I can see. Ain’t big enough to show. Found myself digging in my pocket. We been hurt, been down before. Yea. . Verse4. Out the bleachers and the court been feeling like the NBA. Envy your homies money. One will ever see better days. Shooting hoops or shooting for hope. Too many days since my time. Hope that ain’t the day that I’m gone. This’ll be the year I won’t promise. Promises just need love along the way. When they talk about greatness they never mention my name. I gotta thank death for for this anger. It’s hard to sleep when I think of Shane. Cover my face cause scars tied around my face I got an umbrella from things falling down I’m tryna think straight. Conversations with the old me bring me to hate. May still seem like love though my heart failed to wake quiet when thinking of life and it’s place wonder if that feeling goes away I got issues of my own I can’t escape i walk a journey that only holds pain. YeaEmbed