You know uh pale masochistic fella like myself. Hefty guy like Mr. Rage. Have no problem admitting that we have issues. Ya know being that we are. From white middle america. And the deeper you get into the uh ya know the filthy underbelly of white middle america. The more you realize that these issues are flaunted. More than they are just accepted and admitted. And ya know on tracks like this. These are ya know I would admit that these are cry..cry for help songs. No matter how you look at it. Fuck bitches. [Verse 1: Dylan Ross]. I don't bleed the block, mane I make it seep. First I count my money, then I count some sheep. The way I'm functioning got you thinking that I'ma creep. But I am though. Bury them bodies deep. I got a mental diagnosis that would make you shutter. I got some cutters to cut up the children and the mothers. I'm on some other next level. 50,000 miles above your head an I'm probably not coming down in a while. I am a Salem Witch. I will strangle a bitch. Mangle the clit until she's feeling the stang with an itch. Fuck your brain with a fist and uh-vaporate into mist. So if you're pissed. You can spray 10 AKs but you'll miss. I feel great when I'm dissed. I'm fulla hate, no 8 and a 5th. I could leave you 8 and get away with your whip. Its easy to say that I'm great at this shit. It's also easy to say that since I'm white I'm gonna get away with this shit. . [Hook]. . [Verse 2: Mr. Rage]. I'm on that other stuff. I got that southern swag. Creep Crawly shit y'all don't know bout none of that. Chopping up yo body whores put it in some garbage bags. Leave a note that says I did it, with my autograph. I slaughter tracks. I'm talkin' murder mane. I keep that heater on me. Don't make it burn ya mane. I keep that shovel in the trunk and it ain't no thang. To wrap your body up its under this dirt mane. You can't stop me, I stay golden. Like a whore at a rave mane. I leave you brain moldin'. Midnight [?] creep crawlin. I got demons in my head call the exorcist homie. It's me and D Ross drinkin. I'm dirty south just like speed [?] is. I'm bout mines so I'm choking a bitch. Fuck with me and get a cost of chips. Leave her pussy wet dumping that hoe in a ditch ugh. You might also like[Hook]2Embed