We got Geechi Gotti versus.... 150K wit' my brother! Nigga, we on!. 50-50? Bitch, get alone (a loan). The only thing I'm splittin' is a nigga dome!. Nigga, the blade chrome. Get your weight up. Buck-fifty to the Quarter: now that's a pay cut. Aye, cuh, we both Crips, I'm just a bigger Crip. Put you in a box and send you off: I'll get a member shipped (membership). Nigga, this what you signed up fo'!?. Make your mind up, bro. I'm a shooter, Nitty - you and I know that. When you was workin' at Wal-Mart, gettin' asked "What's the price on that?". I was standin' over bodies watchin' the eyes roll back (Rollback). Nigga, you my guy, no cap. You cold wit' punches. But besides that, you really ain't on nothin'. I mеan, it's a few dope lines, but it still ain't no substancе. It's punch after punch. Real niggas don't feel that. All it take is a angle about how all you do is punch, and that'll kill that. Real rap, we go through shootouts every day in Compton. .223s, tre-5-7...nigga, you better weigh your options. Nigga, aye, what's POPPIN'!?. You got me tight, and (Titan)...I ain't feelin' this shit. Call my Nina "Steve McNair" 'cause you finna get killed by this bitch!. Nigga, this steel'll knock off ya lady roof. You ain't gotta believe me, Rum: the .80 proof. Aye, I ain't here to play wit' dude. The moment they booked this battle, I had visions of seein' you strangled. Pistol-whipped 'til you bloodied and mangled. .5 to the back of ya head: I'll DW Flame you!. That's on the gang, fool!. I ain't nothin' like them other niggas! That's somethin' you should know. So come down wit' somethin' vs. me? They gon' have to come up with money for yo' funeral. The tool'll blow, chain-smokin. You brain-dead, Nitty ain't function all year: blame COVID. Aye, homie, we was just sippin' Dom today. Matter fact, I bought the last bottle. Cuz, you owe me one. If not, I'mma load the gun, and it won't be fun. This shit sound backwards, how fast we went from drinkin' buds to me smokin' Rum!. Is you off-. Every Fuckin' Bar!. . [Rum Nitty]. That's crazy. . [Geechi Gotti]. Is you off dope or dumb?. Win this money if you want to, nigga. That's gon' get you real hurt. You see all my partnas in the building ready for that drill work. You ain't gon' make it out this bitch alive like a stillbirth!. Sound suppressor on the strap when I blast heat. The silencer protocol - just ask P. Nigga, last week, I introduced these niggas to Steven A. Crip. That's just the perks that a star get you. You ain't gettin' past me for this 100K. Meaning you ain't gon' be able to Skip Bay 'less (Bayless) you got somethin' Sharp(e) wit' you. Nigga, the AR hit you. Niggas be like, "Aw, man. I don't wanna be yo' homie, Gotti. All yo' friends dead or in jail.". That's how all these nerds sound. I don't give a fuck if we homies. The chopper leave you turned down. Nitty, I'll kill you, then rap about you in my third round!. You heard, clown!?. You get tied up for ransom, we on a mission. Nigga, you goin' missin'!. Is it a kidnappin' or is we smugglin' Rum like the Prohibition!?. Yo, Jerry! Whose side is you on, nigga!?. Let me know - my hand on the trigger. R.I.P. Trayvon. I know you didn't come here to die wit' this Arizona nigga!. You a goner, nigga!. Rap. Let's go. [Round 1: Rum Nitty]. Alright.... This exactly where I get to trippin'. TEC is wit' me. Or I load the Drac' (Drake) wit' a extra drum...and it got a extra 50. My nigga.... I was just at the crib the other day wit' my lil' bitch laid up, chillin'. Told her I had to battle the homie from Cali. She said, "Ooh, Bay be spittin'. You can't be slippin'.". Ice Cube voice - "It's ironic...I had the brew, she had the chro-". The Suns beat the Lakers, nigga!. My nigga!. You let O-Red call you a sea creature!?. You ain't break his whole face?. I get it, you a rapper now. You ain't tryna resort back into the old ways. But my nigga, he disrespected the C's and (season) called you a.... You shoula turned into the Old Bay!. You were s'posed to hook a clown! Put him down!. What, you was worried about how much that nigga weighed (Wade), son?. You changed...the Nut's (nuts) a pussy now!. But you turned up on Snake Eyez though. You truly frontin'. 'Cause you hand-picked and chose who to beef wit' like you from the Woo or somethin'. But we teammates - yeah, that's my nigga. I'm Payton, he be Kemp-in'. MJ, and he be Pippen. Tom Brady, Aaron Hernandez: you playin' wit' a killer!. I'll lift the piece! Lemon squeeze!. You can try that hidin' shit wit' me.... Until a bullet races by his (racist bias) Black ass. You gon' need a bigger tree (bigotry)!. My nigga, please!. You already heard it!?. Well, I could say A Thousand Words about you almost dyin' - 'cause of a tree - like Eddie Murphy!. I'll let it burn you. Let it sink in.... . I'll let it burn you. I'mma fuck you up!. You wanna split the who? Do what wit' what?. Mortal Kombat: you'll see me duck first before I give up a cut (uppercut)!. I'mma FUCK YOU UP!. The Glock came wit' a ladder. I don't care who around, I be done shot you on the camera. If we do split it...I'm just gon' rob you for it after. You better give me everything I need or Bay could (Anita Baker) get caught up in the Rapture!. Clap him! Demoralizin'!. The boy get bodied!. I done had rematch, after rematch, after rematch. So you know this is 'bout a war then, Gotti (Ward & Gatti)!. Horrifying!. Lift a chrome .9. Explodin' mercury tips. The rounds that I left off erupt (OfferUp). You gotta buy these bitches online. Don't try! You gon' make me lose it. Fo'-fo', I'll let off a old Colt (coat) like paint remover. Or I can just pay a shooter. And if I can't put them sharks of Bay, then (Bathing) Apes'll do it. Make me prove it. Home invasion, the .8'll cook, family. If he survive this headshot, I hope he don't remember a thing...in case he (Casey) looked at me!. I'll clap you!. You can't keep it real yourself. Nigga, suicide...(I'll do the job, KILL YOURSELF!). . [Round 2: Geechi Gotti]. Nigga, I'M the reason you even able to live this life!. Befo' we cliqued up, you was battlin' for crumbs. I helped you get yo' business right. Like, "Nah, Nitty. We ain't signin' that.". You one of the biggest battle rappers in the world. You better take them other checks on them other leagues to remind him that. Yeah. You already had classics wit' Iron, Ave, and Surf. But you still wasn't gettin' that dime from SMACK. I mean, you wasn't rappin' for free, but you wasn't gettin' these kinda racks. Nigga, these all kind of facts. You was gettin' light change. That's why at that time, you wore fake J's on the main stage. 'Cause back then, real ones was outta yo' price range!. When I came around, nigga, that's when yo' life changed. I told you, "Listen, you better know your worth.. It don't matter if they offer it.. You ain't gotta roll wit' that crap: this ain't a dice game.". Nigga, you type lame!. From my clothing to my own show. It's a different level that I'm on, bro. Nigga. that's the difference. You not a boss, you a worker. Listen, I don't give a fuck if you the best puncher in the world. That ain't somethin' I wanna hear. Nigga, yo' jobs at Wal-Mart made that very fuckin' clear!. Like how the FUCK could he not be the best puncher in the world!?. Nigga was punchin' the clock his whole career!. Yeah, nigga. You told y-. You need to keep it real yourself. Remember you told your boss, "I'm finna battle Surf!". Cuz didn't even offer no help. He said, "Bitch, I don't give a fuck. Go refill my shelfs.". At that moment, he had to push Tsu aside (suicide) and do the job. I know you wanted to KILL YO' SELF!. . Fuckin' Bar!. What!?. . This round I'm breakin' you down so you could build yo' self. I mean, you got punches, but to me, it's all hype, cuz. No clothing, no music - that's why you got a light buzz. Nitty, you only brung yo' self to the table like Fight Klub. Nigga get knifed up or face-stabbin'. You got feminine ways and gay actions!. I'm confused. How you Insane, but I'm the one wit' the straight jacket (straitjacket)!?. Yeah, nigga!. I stay packin'. I'll show you what a gun do. Try to get away, but it's no escape (Xscape). He like, "Who Could I Run To?". Nigga, fuck you!. I should clap you. Guaranteed you'll get a hollow-tip before you get a Hollow battle. Blam you!. Nigga, the TEC grippin'. Gun to ya head like, "Say ya last words, bitch!". This your death sentence!. Face shot!. Put a hole in his mouth big enough to see (C) in his face: I'm set-trippin'!. Nigga, you gon' respect Crippin'!. The biggest star in battle rap is a Crip who straight valid. Nigga, I Buck Heat, Thunder, and sell tix (Celtics): I'm Ray Allen!. Gang violence!? That's all it is in the hood!. I'mma find yo' bitch, then give her the wood. Me and the homies gon' flip, she gon' be gettin' it good. Recordin' the session, so you can see her facin' (face in) that train like The Little Engine That Could!. In Compton, I'm bigger than Suge!. I'll make this bitch shake!. Even if cuz didn't show up, you still was a (w)rap in front of this Drac' (Drake)!. The clip spray!. Why would you even wanna diss Bay!?. Knowin' to me, you just a home-cooked meal: bitch-made!. Lookin' at yo' chin, I wanna double-tap it like a bad bitch page. 100 thou'? Wow. Damn! They finally gettin' Crips paid!. And when it's real, y'all can tell. Y'all can see it in his eyes. Go 'head - see if you can make niggas believe them lies. Nigga, time. . Let's go. . [Round 2: Rum Nitty]. Aye, for the homie, I'll beat a nigga ass in here. Real talk - a mu'fucka can get clapped in here. 'Cause you know I got yo' back fade, and that shit's clear. 'Cause if it-. You got $100,000 in that bag right there!?. HUH!?. 'Cause the fans thinkin' this ain't gon' get too violent. Think it's gon' be a buncha handshakes and niggas smilin'. BITCH, you lyin'!. The only thing "buddy-buddy" about this matchup...is friendly FIRE!. This nigga DYIN'!. I'mma drop a bitch. Shot his whip. All you hear is the glass break, soon as the Hollow hit. Bodied him!. Now it's one Nut on the Iron like Solomon!. Mr. BOSS MAN.... You couldn't keep together the squadron. You know how many times I had to stop Hustle from breakin' Coffee chin?. She wanted to split Brown to the white and pink like Neapolitan!. .9'll lift! I had to kill him. And I don't clap from distance. 'Cause it makes it personal if I (Phi) step right up on Bay to (Beta) cap a (Kappa) nigga!. I'll actually peel him!. Don't play wit' no vet. They want me to try schemin' more, and have some angles on deck. Bitch, I do be schemin'!. And the best angles...is the ones that surveillance don't catch. On the SET!. The first round, I'mma BURN somethin'. The second round, you gon' LEARN from it. And you figure out just how great I am...by the third, cousin. I'll hurt someone! I ain't talkin'!. Bang on him!. The Glock raise. Let the steel rock Bay (steal Roc bae): take Caution!. Stay bombin'!. Beat you wit' the .9 and see it SPLAT!. The front shattered. This a Nut-cracker - you gon' wind up on your BACK!. FACTS!. I was gon' remix the Earvin Johnson bar and even keep the same style. And have 'em bringin' the first aids (AIDS) on a Compton nigga...but that's takin' the easy (Eazy) way out. Get laid down. Ruger blowin'! You should know it. It's enough in this bitch to lay one room flat...No Studio'N!. I'll shoot opponents!. Get dealt wit'!. Funeral expenses? Oh, your family gon' need some help wit'. Have 'em raisin' checks (Chex) for a Nut like trail mix!. Shell kick!. I came through FLOCKIN'!. My teammate get bodied!. I'll take this .4 and (foreign) whip you!. Just know I'm willing and able, Gotti (Bugatti). If I don't pop him, he get sta-. Nigga!. If I don't pop him, he get stabbed instantly. I take the blade, and carve a (Carver) Nut 300 ways. This is Black History!. Is you kiddin' me!?. After this battle, you gon' catch a hollow - chill. After this battle, you gon' catch a hollow. This is just like...Loso and Jerry Wess. 'Cause my Day 1 gon' get aired tomorrow!. BITCH!. And you can't keep it real yourself. Nigga, suicide or I'll do the job. You decide.... . [Round 3: Geechi Gotti]. I told cuz if he win this money...I'm comin' right after yo' lady. So if she watchin' this right now, I guarantee you that his bitch rattled. The homies in whips right now, circlin' around bae (Bay) like you been doin' this battle. Yeah!. YOU let anybody join EFB!. I be like, "Nitty trippin'.". I be thinkin' niggas be ass. Next thing I know, Nitty wit' 'em. Cuh be like, "Aye, a nigga just in my DMs said he wanna be squad!". I be like, "Hol' up! I don't know bruh! Don't be droppin' no locations.". It amazes me a nigga don't even gotta (w)rap and you be like, "Roll up.". In the county, you woulda got rolled up, for bein' a jake cat. Nigga, you let anybody join. All they gotta do is smoke wit' you!. I'm not here to laugh, I ain't here to joke wit' you. I'm here to Loc wit' you. And have a conversation 'bout yo' issues. 'Cause nigga, you put a nigga named Prolific Rico on the squad. And that's a known fact. Cuh was cool, but when I found out he was dissin' a dead legend, you know I don't condone that. So you gon' get a DP-. Yeah, nigga, you gon' get a DP. . [Rum Nitty]. He gon' get a DP. . [Geechi Gotti]. After this, me and you gon' scrap. This tournament ain't taught you nothin'?. Nigga, I'm serious. You finna get drug 'cause you responsible for the way RICO ACT!. Nigga, think on that next time you wanna put a nigga on the crew and shit. Matter fact, the mo' I think about it...nigga, YOU'SE A BITCH!. Because I told you to fuck cuz up or kick cuz out the moment I found out about the disrespectful shit that he said 'bout Nip'. To this moment, you ain't did neither. You think i be playin' and shit!?. My nigga, all you got is your word. In this world, as a man, that's it. So what the FUCK good is it havin' a pen if you ain't the man you script (manuscript)!?. NIGGA!. You BEEN fake!. How do y'all listen to Nit' and he lyin' (Nittany Lion) wit' everything his Pen(n) State!?. I BEEN great!. Y'all just now noticed the greatness. Scary niggas couldn't do a sentence, so he wrote him a statement. Yeah! Yeah!. The chrome be stainless. Have him runnin' like a jackrabbit. Split his head to the white meat. All I needed was Bobby Brown. They lookin' like, "What that mean?". Just gimme a crack at it (addict)!. I pack ratchets!. You woulda thought I woulda stopped after the last was murdered. But my ass determined. I'm steady killin'. Keep addin' to the bodies like plastic surgeons!. Nigga, pass the burner. You know how many night I done slept. Knowin' that if I get caught for these murders, the judge gon' give me a L and I'm stretched?. How quickly I'mma find out you literally get life after death?. Nigga, that's on the set. I done been through all kinds of shit. I was shot, and I didn't even cry. But I was all kinds of pissed. Nigga, I was losin' blood and couldn't shead a tear because...I'm a Crip!. Nigga, yeah!. Nigga phony!. Rappin' shit that he never will do. They didn't fuck wit' you 'til I came around. Meanin' they didn't respect yo' vision 'cause they know I see (C) better than you. Nigga!. You got bars 'bout how you...how you trappin' and curb-sit. Nerd, quit!. You ain't in the trap, and that's damn facts. The most you did was sell a lil' eighth for a CashApp. I been in the damn trap! Hella pitchin'. We had black, white girl. Shit look like we was sellin' Viixen!. Chickens, and all the yams. Pounds, we gon' break 'em down. Nigga, that's all I'm sayin'. And now they got Drake sponsorin' the trap?. Well, I guess these is Aubrey grams (Graham). And when it's real, y'all can tell. Y'all can see it in they eyes. Go 'head, it's yo' turn - see if you can make 'em believe them lies. Nigga, time. . [Round 3: Rum Nitty]. Aye, aye. They say, "Yo' brother Geechi passed you!". No cap, fool. But the only reason we came up wit' this squad shit, was to make sure our bags grew. I ain't gotta pocket-watch the homie - I never had to. I'm gettin' bigger cash too. We both leadin' on the app too. No hatin' or backstabbin' - that's true. We out here showin' these other niggas how a pack should actually move. But I still gotta clap you. You know how shit goin'. I brought a hearse, in fact. It's no turnin' back at this point. That night...you was lookin' scared than a bitch, boy. Big Loc? You was a hidden Crip, though (crypto), like Bitcoin. This shit lit for him!. I dump heat!. If you don't think I can hang with Bay, then (bathing) suit yourself. He ain't gon' make it out in one piece (one-piece)!. FUCK PEACE!. We can hit the backyard and then bang, cuz!. And then shape up. First you gotta show yo' heart...in a fade like Drake cut!. BANG WHAT!?. You ain't THAT brave!. I been trippin'. Ain't no bitch in him like the man-cave!. STRAP raised!. If you even get within arm's distances...I'mma leave you where you at, Bay. Get a cracked face. This mothafucka wildin'. Squeeze the Eagle. I'm only airin' Geechi (Geechee) people like Gullah Gullah Island. I up the iron!. Your face get took. Then it's yo' body who I'm DRAGGIN' (dragon), KILLER!. And y'all sayin' Bay a wolf (Beowulf)!?. Made you look!. I'll shoot you too. Plus I got a new clip that I wanna try out (tryout) like the Crucible. You will lose!. I'll send a female to rob niggas. That's how I did you. Get sock(ed) in the mouth and tied up. You ain't think we had a bond (bound), did you?. I'll kill you. I keep goin'. I don't got a limit. If they I'm holdin' my brother back...(*chk-chk*) 'cause I shot him in it!. ...Kill yourselfEmbed