"Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Do that, do that, do do that that that". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "I'm gonna knock you out". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". . [Verse 1: Suffa]. Who’s fucking with me? Suffa MC. Tongue like sandpaper, who’s rougher than we?. We’ve been gone for a while, it’s been a long a cold winter, we. Back to get the crowd off their feet like back injuries. Raps, facts and similes, axe to hack into me. They try bring me down like a Mack had backed into me. Back, you can’t hinder me, fact you can’t injure me. We back to crack the back of this wack rap industry. These MCs don’t wanna (They don’t wanna) mess with me. Fuck, that bitch run his mouth, it’s just a storm in a d-cup (Bitch). You wack as Aussie troops going to Afghanistan. "I’m in a world war with Mohammed, my man". I’m taking MCs to war, fuck the friendships and politics. End this 'cause my lyrical depth is bottomless. We thought you’d forgotten us (There’s no forgetting me). You wanna fight? You couldn’t win a battle hypothetically. [Chorus (Sampled)]. "Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Fuck you fools that's believing' in your own hype". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Touch the microphone, the whole joint catches afire". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". . [Verse 2: Pressure]. I had enough of their dissing, so fuck ‘em, ambition is nothing but wishing. They come on fat when they’re under-nutritioned. Hate it or love it you listen, you getting bumped in my system?. Your chance is hardly as much as an Iraqi becoming a Christian. You’ll never shine; you can’t polish a turd. Your shit is dope? I shove it down your throat, so swallow your words. I’m sick of copping slander for what I stand for. You’re not the man, you’re just masturbating in your propaganda. And got a lot to answer, your shit don’t stink?. Think your ship won’t sink? Man, that ain’t it, don’t think. That you’re large and we’re small time, tall poppies is small minds. Carrying the heavy weight of their ego on small spines. This is rugged raw for heads who want nothing more. While others talk politics and swallow dicks like a fucking whore. So what they bugging for? It’s just hip-hop, love and war. Pressure MC, Hilltop Hoods, a lyric juggernaut. You might also like[Chorus (Sampled)]. "Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "You ain't writing, you're only exercising your wrist". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "Since back in the days we've been the major crew". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". "My shit is fly, you can ask anyone". "Hilltop Hoods working the mic!". . [Outro (Sampled)]. "More cunts here than at a Hilltop Hoods show". "Hilltop Hoods represent, represent". "With a, with a, with a, six pack of pale. Listen to the Hoods and watch the double Blues Boys provail". "Hilltop Hoods (Hilltop Hoods)". "Hilltop Hoods (Hilltop Hoods)". "Pulling strings you don't stop by the Hilltop Hoods". "Minds kept like Hilltops that's why our thoughts are elevated". "Hilltop Hoods" "That's a good vibe. As good as the first time you saw Hilltop Hoods live". "The Hill, the Hill, the Hill, the Hilltop Hoods (Hilltop)". "Wait a minute, no, you didn't, ayy, ayy (ayy, ayy). You disloyal fool-ass bitch-made-punk. Awwww, you motherfuckers. Okay. All right. I run shit here. You just live here! Yeah, that's right, you better walk away! Go on and walk away, 'cause I'm gonna burn this motherfucker down."2Embed