That's why them boys kicked down your door. Play six feet Beneath the Surface. A bloody mess on the floor. Performin c's on the block. That's mine man, Block Royal!. I said let me hit that. Father, our family was always loyal. Was red hot -- OOPS, almost forgot. Creepin, rollin, you know what time it is. Never had time, she went out for self. And that's nines, forty-fives, three-five-sevens, and M500s. Take that bullshit hiphop back on the block. And be fucking her ridiculous, astounded by her fickleness. More than ever, livin like now or nevеr. Making new slaves out of the immigrants. Can you handlе the heights. I keep access ta the max. Everytime you speak, it's like poetry. Serious as heart attacks. Women make a beeline. It makes sense. Let me lighten your load. Impeach the prez, that's self-defence. I'm having these fools strapped, drinking cyanide. I cook it up right so you can't resist. I'm Slick Rick style thinkin how my ice gleams. Born with insight and a raised fist. I'm the mob's official meal ticket. Alone after so long gave up hope. The top is rolled back, the windows rolled down. Who don't know the meaning of water nor soap. It ain't no Tums when the heart burns like the sun. And I ain't trying to end up, in the penitentiary. And escape wit your Billy Jean and thriller, cause I'm bad. Escape the black hole, demolishin, burnin a worth adversary. And we could go on for days. And if you find right you're in luck. Got the black on black Armanis on. Watch out, pray for luck that you won't get stuck. Fast but gently to maintain the grass entry level position. Street love is crazy, sucka don't slip in the game. I'm tryin to decide what I'm a buy for showroom floor. And the pepas want to know my real name. I bagged so much shit, I put that store to shame. That I have marched until my feet have bled;. Talk shit and feel the flame, Point Blank in the brain. Good for nothing hoe, if she ain't getting bread. High heels leave holes, you'd a thought I was gunnin'. I'm off on my own shit with my own click. Rushing to do nothing, rushing trapped in traffic. You probably spank your monkey to a RuPaul flick. What's my motherfuckin name? Put a bullet in your brain. It's the beginning of the 9th inning and I'm winning. Be rappers with the mic like I practice every night. The beat so fair so ate 9 o'clock in the morning. Meet the mic controller, the Philly roller, the wicked one. We be doin' it ever way you could imagine. We're hittin' hard like Ike Turner in a bar. Cuz truth'll never be heard in religion. Forty-fives marked up, looped with static. Cop at your door, coming to harass ya. Creep in slick, get up and dig. Ready for tour, ready to give 'em tour raw. Life in Detroit, Atlanta, made in Havana. And patna I just can't trust you. My Tribe went down in the hall of fame. Do what I gotta do.... Fools be droppin when I be. State the rhyme, borough of Brooklyn. Steppin' out his skeleton. With my quotation quotables colon. Pre-Verse: Mr. Lil' One. First battalion, first recon, first infantry. If you didn't know, and now you know. Cause there's terrorists in our country. Steppin' out his skeleton. Only take a second to peel. Be careful this is real shit, Weapons'll blaze. Yeah, Fake rappers are surreal. What... keep from goin' under... under.... You gets the boom ping ping. We gotta grind, we gotta grind. And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming. Hard work paid off, so now it's peace time. I blast memory panels 'till my enemies handle. Mama see a seniorita we was smoking some reefer. To the extreme I rock a mic like a vandal. They ain't sick boy they just seem crook. As the marathon continues, you already know. Cuz I'm zoned up out my mind. Hit a muthafucka with a gangsta flow. Damn, what's wrong with my generation?. This is hardcore, thug life. But I flew a bit quick. And everyday that I'm living li-ife. Well, then I gotta break out. Down this open road. From bouncing and banging. Since we overload. In the spring time. Got power now. Haha, as we proceed. So now you know. But everywhere that I go. Crazy Toones, my DJ. ...show ya golds, show ya golds. Northside forever, ay ay. Oh I'm, I'm doin fine. I roll slab wit my pistol grip. Name brand fabric, head to toe. Mix the coke batter like it's Miracle Whip. A expert at makin the opposite sex flirt. Jump in a Deville or Mercedes, Lexus or Navigator. Alize is too sweet and it'll make ya fat. Watchin you and I fight in the elevator. Is like gettin hit by a train. So let me speak, on a goal I seek. I'm steadily gold medaling in peddling what's the truth. Inadequate Sway to the left when I speak. Come through in that two tone purple maybe. Somebody's getting juxed, Cause you dealing with crooks. He can't get chicks, he's ugly and he's short. And should I believe everything I read in books. So you know that no one can ever hurt me. And every judge should do a twenty to life. They're so close to the ground and so easy to kick. I'm tired, I'm tired of living li-ife. Sport shooter, slash last resort shooter. I overheard a jaybird singin the words. Make the mistake and I'm breakin your jaw. I'm just goin forward, no time for goin backwards. Show Frank the alien face, it's cool!. So why the fuck am I ask outside. I'm sellin records, and you be sellin crack. Leavin' no clues but a motherfuckin' homicide. You had your chance but didn't grab on. Then knock your ass out, Iron-Fist, velvet gloved. We be poor, eviction notice on the door. So I ain't fucking with nothing if I'm not involved. It's not about how you fucking feel. Looking up at the sky feet on the dust and things get real. You thought MOI was toxic?. Man, you needa see them bitches who wanna throw punches. Got jaws poppin'. Don't even try to mess up with me. Eviction notice. Cuz the conviction of this whirlpool. Is like man what the fuck oh shit. Just ran through this bitch, you know she a hoe now. I hear them haters talkin - small thing to a giant. To miss classes and I feel he spoke to me. Witness life at its worst, evident witness at the finest. I keep my loot saved, sell mad crack. Drugs and thieves, hit the eve of the night. When SB come through it's party time. Yes, I was a virgin before I got here tonight. I'm like a crook stealing gold in the night. Nigga im cold like tht don't even try to fight. You said come, so we had to peel your dome back. My fleet of seven on your calender, fuck an amateur. Until you fucking dead, because I'm pumping lead. I'm poppin' bottles and I'm fucking up their furniture. And I'm not gonna stop until you give me back what I've been searching for. Or else I'm gonna make your life a story of horror. Fuck young chicks, visiting dorm's too frequently. Give 'em aneurysms when I start usin' big words. Then travel over water and land, like a hover craft. Food is better then money, say it backwards. I'm not lying-Ooooh I forgot. I'm spitting facts on your ass like you wine-sodden trash. Or else your card gets pulled like a debit. It's on if I'm crossed up in this. Relax like pudding, confidence strangle my man couldn't. Come between us, now you smellin' your piss. And it smells like my victory and your downfall, bitch!!!!. You such a gold digger you look like all of the whites invision of niggers. I gottta keep it real, don't I? Gotta keep it in the light, no shimmers. Actin' like you doin' sometin' when you just doin' nothin'. Could've reached the peak, now you're left with a horrible leak. Cause at the first of the month they be waiting. And I don't really wanna let the Tec speak. You washed up, yeah, now I'm coming for Jay-Z. Got all dem chains but he ain't gon be ready. When I rips the crowd the dancefloor gets sore. Reborn: 7th month, 17th day, 9th year of the 70's. And escape wit your Billy Jean and thriller, cause I'm bad. A Revelation to raise me out of this metal mess. I be dancing to the rythm and the beat. Of Micheal Jackson "Beat it" cuz you good and beat. The money we're throwin' away, that ain't bein' saved. I'm notorious, boy, so I'm hardly spoke on. Hustlers gotta get they money, stay fly never fall. Is a 40 ounce bottle but all the liquors gone. I throw your raps in the trash. And then I go crazyyyyyyyyy. Yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. Pop!. But it don't matter how I freestyle. I still got your raps in denial. Being watched by some old mug she's glaring back. My every thought is aggravated assault, and get my bread. To a rider, to a sav, to a hog, you're nothin'. If you include Monoxide, Violent J, Shaggy and Evil Ed. But i don't care what she thinks it's my life nobody elses. And that's gonna be her learning self that's gonna get to the end? Nah, man. Back and forth for bad urine, it's getting boring. Bring pain and novacaine, okay y'all lil monkeys wanna play?. Three half ounces, three nickel bags in his ass. Suga slim and Baby got the charges threw away. You out here lookin' like super diaper baby. And a rebooted spongebob just uglier, OUCH your face!!. With a conservative feel cause it's hard to come real. You said your. Mama dropped out of school, in the 8th grade. The S.L.A.B. family, gon make you feel it. Mic projection sharp, your heart pump Kool-Aid. Man, who cares?. My raps garunteed fresh just like kroger's food. You don't got no raps you're done smellin' like doo-doo. 'The fuck you want just bein' in my face all the time. Trying to copy off me to get your raps to ryhme. The reason I was here was never communicated clear. Through Astral concentration, The Mars surface is a hype service. Shake it super hard boy you better not run. They gon' celebrate me when I'm gone like Elvis. Cuz I got dat music flow, got them rocks bro. Everything says I'm on the go. And I'm going crazy again. Just less y's. And more hows. Cuz the time for you to give up. Is undoubtedly now. It's Mr. motherfuckin' Doc from the set. First summer when I start tryin to gangbang. Whatever's clever, let's roll through the Central. The hood can't take me under, it's a G-thang. But your piss smellin like that Wee-Thang. Cuz it's my victory out my face Eee-Man!. All three bombed on me, started swingin me around. This world is yours, for you to explore. If you're a party freak then step on the floor. This ain't about no rappin no more. No, it's not, I'm dead flowing out. Naaaa, ha ha, it's just my ego it's damaged white-hot. Bless me on this track right here. Creepin, rollin, you know what time it is. Any whack track I'm a monster. And that's nines, forty-fives, three-five-sevens, and M500s. You wanna ride we can slide in the Expedition. Everything I see, I'm claiming as mine. Pretty, Pretty Thug style now y'all know the deal. Skateboards, mountain bikes, never on-line. So lets get doe together. We don't die we don't cry. Yeah-yeah, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Die, die, die, die, die, die. Now I got a leaing role. Is a clearer view cause you're too crazy. Like the Lord was cool with my sinning. In her purse, she ain't tired or lazy. Get a clean check cut slip it in my account. A lot of brothers doing good got smoked. I do my thing correct and undercover y'all. My girlfriends right beside me getting choked. Yes yes y'all, yes y'all, yes y'all, yes y'all. Come on, you don't know what you gettin' into. Salute the young lion with heart, dyin to start. That's me and you, now tell what you gonna do. When you ask what im gon do. I say that I'm not gonna give up like you. All to the A. All to the L. All to the L. And you have both L's. And my rap grade is an A. Get the fuck out my face. Ay!. No gun you have. Will stop me from evolving my raps. Ay. Ay!You might also likeEmbed