And this a Lila pon the mic. Oh lawd oh lawd lawd lawd. Oh gosh. . [Verse 1]. Thankful for the blessings that have fallen on my table. Learning all my lessons now I'm willing and I'm able. To do just what I can, as humble as a lamb. Working towards the goal and we give thanks for helping hands. Pray for health and strength, a life of length and peace of mind. Good people and good vibes, yes we give thanks every time. Inna every single line, even if it nuh rhyme. Mi ago sing redemption songs fi di people. [Chorus]. When I think of where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. Look at where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. . [Verse 2]. Mek mi tell you bout the life of a queen inna this yah concrete jungle. Firm inna regime so you nah go see mi stumble. Mama say nuh come  a town an' mix wit dutty bungle. See't deh now mi jus a rise and so mi rise a so mi humble. Outta Christiana yes mi lef go look fi mine. Neva sell mi soul, mi settle down  and tek mi time. Do it for the love so naturally the light a shine. Now mi realize its by design. . [Chorus]. When I think of where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. Can I tell you where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. You might also like[Verse 3]. Heights of great men, reach and kept. Memba when you go deh so you nuh fi ever lef'. Morewhile you have fi toil, you might a crush up like a foil. Still you betta gwan burn the midnight oil. It won't be an easy road. But anytime mi overcome the pressure yeah it free me soul. Cause Jah will never give me more than I can bear. So tell mi wah me really haffi fear. . [Chorus]. When I think of where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. Can I tell you where I'm coming from. Looking back at where the journey begun. I really haffi say that I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one. . [Bridge]. I - I. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. To the most high. Oh gosh, oh gosh hey!. [Outro]. When I look at where I'm coming from. Caspa did deh deh when mi voice mi first song. And him can tell you seh I'm strong, I'm strong. All praises to the most high one1Embed