I cannot feel guilty for shit that I didn't do. But I can understand the reasons why you think that I should. Yeah, I'm white but I never put your neck in no noose. And I never burnt a cross or hid my face with a hood. You can't just label me racist 'cause I'm related to people. Who did some terrible shit way back before I was alive. My parents brought me up to treat everyone as an equal. I refuse to feel ashamed 'cause of my pretty blue eyes. Fuck a Nazi, fuck a white supremacist. Fuck anyone who labels me as that because of my family genetics. The hatred for Caucasians is so fuckin' pathetic. Go be proud that you're black, but don't hate me for some credit. I'm not the white Devil, neo-Nazi, cop tryna pull the trigger. You can call me what you want but I'd still never say—. The white race as a whole ain't the enemy. There's racist white people but we're far from that collectively. [Chorus]. White boy, don't say that. White boy, oh, you so bad. White boy, you wish you were black. White boy, dear white boy. White boy, white noise. Sayin' shit I can't say with my white voice. White boys, white lies. Don't tell me how to see it through my white eyes. . [Verse 2]. If a black man is sippin' on some Cognac sittin' next to me. I don't assume that every black's favorite drink is Hennessy. I don't dislike Tanesha 'cause her first name isn't Stephanie. Not only is that wrong, it's a fuckin' waste of energy. Ivory or ebony, forty-five or seventeen. We all bleed the same, Martin Luther King or Kennedy. They're angry I'm recitin' the facts. "He's white and he raps, he stole the culture right from the blacks. Okay, he's fire but we lit the flame, he's siphoning gas. So fuck this corny little honky, man, the whitey is wack". You lettin' history perpetuate the hatred within. And then you paint me with the brush you painted slave owners with, yeah. . [Chorus]. White boy, don't say that. White boy, oh, you so bad. White boy, you wish you were black. White boy, dear white boy. White boy, white noise. Sayin' shit I can't say with my white voice. White boys, white lies. Don't tell me how to see it through my white eyes. You might also like[Verse 3]. I got a mother, a father, a sister, an auntie, and uncle. And a grandma that I picture when you're openly hatin'. And God willin' one day I'll have a kid of my own. I refuse to let you blindly hate my wife or my baby. So go ahead and hate the racists, I pray for their extinction. If you wanna hate the white people, just make a distinction. Between the ones who want the best for everyone regardless. And the ones who built the system just to smother you with hardship. So stop before you say it, I know what you been thinkin'. How's a straight white male in 2018 bitchin'?. You're makin' me the villain by demonizin' my race. For things I didn't do and decisions I didn't make. No one that I call a friend has ever owned a slave. And neither did our dads, or our dad's dads, fuck sakes. Acknowledging atrocities were wrongly committed. Is all that I can offer when I'm wrongly convicted. . [Verse 4]. I would never hate a man for what God gave him in pigments. And I would never plot against him just because he is different. I would never judge a human for the cards he was given. Or call him lesser than myself 'cause of the race that he's mixed with. White people that you hate aren't your neighbors or lawyers. They're the Rockefellers, Rothschilds, Bushes, and royals. They're the people who monopolize the water and oil. And injected your communities with drugs so they spoiled. Got no patience for Nazis, I think they're better off dead. They're fightin' hatred with hatred makin' the hate more intense. I don't want nothin' to do with either side of the fence. So don't blindly attack me for wearin' braids on my head. Hate the people who believe you put yourselves in the ghetto. Hate the ones who teach they children you ain't shit 'cause they said so. Hate the ones who think you're all the same and judge you profusely. 'Cause the way that you're portrayed on our news and in movies. [Bridge]. Bein' white and bein' racist aren't the same, man, I promise. Know it's hard to tell the difference if I'm just bein' honest. I deserve the chance to show you I'm not part of the problem. And you owe it to yourselves, we got so much in common. . [Chorus]. White boy, don't say that. White boy, oh, you so bad. White boy, you wish you were black. White boy, dear white boy. White boy, white noise. Sayin' shit I can't say with my white voice. White boys, white lies. Don't tell me how to see it through my white eyes. . [Outro]. White boy, don't say that. White boy, oh, you so bad. White boy, you wish you were black. White boy, dear white boy13Embed