We request to negotiate. We come to you unarmed. We desire to communicate. You cannot do us harm. . [Verse 1: Jonny 5, Brer Rabbit]. They want sacrifice. They have schemes and ask me to follow their path to the afterlife. I've got an appetite. For nice things and pipe dreams that my enemies could be blasted by. New metaphors. Views that are better for you can't survive or find your competitor. Rise together or fight separate wars. I pray I'm never forced to be a predator. Spectres spectate we won't last. They're glad to hate when gladiators breathe their last. Scream en masse when the dreams do clash. Like swords in the war, let me bleed on that. But they feed on that, say we need strong backs. Call us weak and don't redeem contracts. But the feast won't last when this beast attacks. The sons and the fathers will be free at last. [Pre-Chorus: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. (This is love, this is not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love) They see sharks in the estuary. (It's not treason) They claim the ark is Bartholomew's. (This is love) They say war is necessary. (It's not treason) But we say war is child abuse. . [Chorus: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. We'd rather make our children (We request to negotiate). Martyrs than murderers (We come to you unarmed). We'd rather make our children (We desire to communicate). White Flag Warriors (You cannot do us harm). . [Verse 2: Brer Rabbit, Jonny 5]. Core-to-core, we're the ones we've been waiting for. We hold steady, steadier than stevedores. Not tevias or matadors, on matters of what came before. Forgive the debts and settle scores. And test the mettle, either/or. What's your plan got to do with me?. If the bell tolls, let freedom ring. And find the new ways if we must be king. Instead of leading the young to our suffering, huh. We pass testaments down scream back at heavenFor testing us like Wednesday's at 11. Want to recruit and train us to act evilly. Save it for the shooting range, and smack DVDs. Won't study war no more this millennium. It's never again for me or anyone. So think harder when you refer to us. Rather make our children martyrs than murderers. You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. (This is love, this is not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love, it's not treason). (This is love) They shell dwellings to quell the shillings. (This is not treason) And lift taboos to seduce the cowards. (This is love) They say we're too yellow bellied. (This is not treason) But we say we're the new superpower. . [Chorus: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. We'd rather make our children (We request to negotiate). Martyrs than murderers (We come to you unarmed). We'd rather make our children (We desire to communicate). White Flag Warriors (You cannot do us harm). . [Bridge: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. (This is love) We seek ways to not be liable. (This is not treason) We claim to speak for a higher truth. (This is love) We stand opposed to the homicidal. (This is not treason) We tell you you are fireproof. . [Chorus: Tim McIlrath, Jonny 5]. We'd rather make our children (We request to negotiate). Martyrs than murderers (We come to you unarmed). We'd rather make our children (We desire to communicate). White Flag Warriors (You cannot do us harm). White Flag. Warriors. We'd rather make our children. We'd rather make our children. We'd rather make our children (Do what you want to our courage). We'd rather make our children (Ask us what you will). (Demand from us a sacrifice). (But do not make us kill)2Embed