Murder has got us feeling all traumatized. Another black man looking like you and I. Another black man with his hair like mine. Flat long nose on his face like mine. Jet black skin on his bones like mine. Fit big lips on his face like mine. Dark brown tints in his eyes like mine. That is not a reason you can take a man's life. . Killed on the street cause he looks like me. Still can't breathe cause he smiles like me. His life's worth less, all our eyes can't see. Racism, what does that really mean?. They look at me and now they see a little less. Could be the same age but I'm closer to death. Same IQ but I'm closer to dumb. Same handcuffs but I'm closer to the gun. Who am I?. I am everybody in this life. Who has felt a prejudice for his skin of being black. I'm a husband or son or a daughter in the night. Knowing that I've gotta fight harder for a life. Who am I?. . [Chorus: Jamaal, Ashley]. Break me down till I'm on my knees. (Who am I?). Lynch me long till I can't breathe. (Who am I?). You pretend like you can't see. What's so different for you and me. Break me down (You break me down). Lynch me long (You lynch me long). You pretend like you can't see. What's so different for you and me. . [John Boyega]. We are a physical representation of our support for George Floyd. We are a physical representation in our support for Sandra Bland. We are a physical representation on our support for Trayvon Martin. We are a physical representation of our support for Stephen Lawrence (Lawrence, Lawrence, Lawrence). You might also like[Verse 2: Myles]. Murder has got us in our feelings kind of mad. Another black man who looks exactly like my dad. Another black man who was taken too young. That's another black man who was calling for his mom. When we take a knee you know we're kneeling for a meaning. When you take a knee, all you do is stop us breathing. When you pull us over you don't even have a reason. How'd you get aggresive, start to wonder why we're screaming. . This was messed up. From the moment you oppressed us. Killed our ancestors. And you have to cheat to say that we're aggressors. It's just reckless. Man, it's just nonsense. Tell me how you have a clear conscience. Tell me how you're sleeping in the night. Knowing that you took another life. That ain't right. . We know you see the pain that you cause. Black lives matter, man, just as much as yours. But a black life format until we see your flaws. You created this, so it's time for you to saw. From my voice you can't tell which colour I am. But my afro hair makes me less of a man. I raise my hand high. Yeah my fist clenched tight. Black lives matter, man, I've said it all night. If we eat the same, breathe the same, see the same too. Walk the same, talk the same, read the same news. If we speak the same, preach the same, dream the same too. Why don't I get treated like you. . [Chorus: Jamaal]. Break me down till I'm on my knees. Lynch me long till I can't breathe. You pretend like you can't see. What's so different for you and me. Break me down (You break me down). Lynch me long (You lynch me long). You pretend like you can't see. What's so different for you and me. . [John Boyega]. We are a physical representation of our support for George Floyd. We are a physical representation in our support for Sandra Bland. We are a physical representation on our support for Trayvon Martin. We are a physical representation of our support for Stephen Lawrence (Lawrence, Lawrence, Lawrence)Embed