Because you ain't my comrade. You have not felt the rage of seeing your people beaten. Raped. Hung. Your outrage shouted down by oppressors claiming. Victimhood. And having no recourse except silence. Feel your skin grow tight around your body. Trying to contain anger that has become a family heirloom. Generation to generation. Watching from the belly button window. Born understanding that they will not be understood they will be. Underestimated. Underprivileged. Underserved. The anger turns itself inward. Pushing from within. Fight or flight. I’d rather you called me nigga say what you mean. I live as an accoutrement to your life entertainment. Anthropological study. A paragraph in a history book. You are Atlas contemplating shrugging. My shoulders are heavy but you claim the burden don’t call me nigga. You ain't from where I’m from. I was raised at the intersection of Frederick Douglas. And Marcus Garvey. The village warned the children to be careful of what they said in front of white folks so we became. Bi-colloquial. Ambrosia and kool aid. High rises. Low rents. Drinking champagne out of plastic cups whispering the ideals of black nationalist while mouthing the national anthem. Oh say can you see. You can’t see me. Been living beside you for hundreds of years building communities brick by brick but. You can’t hear me. Been here before Isabella commissioned it we kings. We queens. Among cave dwellers. You don’t know me. You can’t call me nigga because. You don’t believe in black angels. Haven’t accepted the fact that a. Blue eyed, blond haired Jesus. Would have died in the desert. You haven’t accepted the fact that. Black represents the presence of all things black is everything. The spirit of god is black. You can’t call me nigga because. The word is code for brotha. And we ain't kin like that. Your appropriation of my culture has not been by my permission. Don’t call me nigga because. My humanity is more important than your swag because Dylan Roof was not a lone gunman he walked into that church on a foundation of laid by white supremacist. He will be tried by a system that perpetuates white supremacy. His actions were motivated by propaganda promoted by pop culture. You can’t call me nigga because. 5 year olds should never have to play dead on church floors. My niggas understand a part of me that rose up from the ashes of the Antebellum South but still feel the rawness of. Chains. My niggas understand that racism is a white man’s madness. Because the south lost the war because of the Jena 6. Nia Wilson. Mike Brown. Trayvon Martin. Gentrification. The achievement gap. Mass incarceration. Police brutality. Because the branches of our government bear strange fruit because fuck you. White people can’t call me nigga because they don’t know who they are. To be a nigga. Or. To not be a nigga. That is the question. A conversation white folks simply are not invited toYou might also likeEmbed