Well respected in this hip-hop, lil' Polo be spittin' facts. A lot of rappers doin' way more stuntin' than givin' back. You ain't my color, then you don’t know the struggle of livin' black. Cops kill us and we protest, what type of shit is that?. Man, if the police shoot at one of my brothers, I'm blickin' back. We hate each other, so we just wanna score and go tit-for-tat. All these shorties want is points, they ain't chasin' a different stat. Really riskin' it all, what’s the point when that nigga rat?. We seventeen, got forty years in that court when we gettin' cracked. Stuck in the system, they just watchin' us fail while they sittin' back. The government cuttin' checks, but can't cut a nigga some slack. It's hard to get a job, so we hustle and flip a pack. It's all a set-up, no wonder why they call this bitch a trap. Life was messed up, a matter of time 'til that nigga snap. Post-traumatic stress, so them triggers keep gettin' tapped. R.I.P. Malcolm, I promise to conquer and fill them gaps. Them corners leave a nigga boxed in, tryna break free. Crazy how I love the same block that tried to break me. Pray that I ain't in my own hood when they take me. This all we know, a life of peace what we can't see. I'm from where we unheard and we can't speak. We go to school, they try to tell us what we can't be. Profit with a billion-dollar mind like I'm JAY-Z. They killed Martin for dreamin' and now I can't sleep. Why would the devil take my brother if he close to me?. Now if you stare into my soul, you'll see my bros in me. We missin' you, man, this ain't how this shit supposed to be. Feel like I'm stuck, I wish them streets never proposed to me. Out there posted in the field with them soldiers deep. So now the other side wanna put a hole in me. Like every day might be the end of the road for me. We die young, so I couldn't picture a older me. Fightin' demons, let them drugs take control of me. All in my head, go and kill what they told to me. 'Member we ain't have a thing, same clothes for weeks. Hardbody, that's how them situations molded me. Needed money and grew accustomed to this fast life. Pressure from this way of livin', so we blast pipes. Shit got me stressin' three hundred and sixty-five nights. Them people workin' against us like we don't have rights. It don't matter what this money and this fame can give. I've been hurtin', tryna smile through the pain and tears. Wish we could go back to them days when we played as kids. A lot of shit changed, that's just the way it is. [Chorus: BJ The Chicago Kid]. That's just (That's just the way it is). Some things'll never (Some things'll never change). Oh, oh, that's just the way it is (Way it is). The way it is (Ooh). That's just (That's just the way it is). Some things'll never (Some things'll never change, no-no-no-no-no). Yeah, that's just the way it is (Way it is). The way it is (Yeah). . [Outro: BJ The Chicago Kid & Leia]. Never, never (Ayy). Some things will never change (Some things'll never change). Never, never (No, that's just the way it is). Some things'll never change. Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm-mmm. You finally made it, big brother. You're the G.O.A.T.You might also like45Embed