Just imagine a trip to a wonderful land. Of candy, and jam, and ice cream. . [Verse 1: Zoé Colotis]. I gotta hit that street, you better watch it. With a gat that I cock, with a full clip. I got the whip, got the pitch, gotta keep it undercover. All up in the club, just to live it up. See the stone cold face, try to knock it. I can't be trapped, never walk, I'm a rocket. I got a beat in it, I got a breath in it. I got a beat, got a beat, got a beat, a beat, a beat, a beat. [Horn Solo]. . [Verse 2: Zoé Colotis]. See the big gold chain that I'm rockin'?. I got the ring for the bling, not a problem. I got a stash full of cash that I owe to my brother. All up in the club, just to live it up. Look how the streets turn cold when I walk it. It's my rules, no man can stop it. I throw a kick so quick that'll leave you in the gutter. Leave you in the gutter, gutter, gutter, gutter.... (See the big gold chain that I'm). . [Horn Solo]. . [Hook: Zoé Colotis]. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got all up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got all up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. All up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got all up in in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the ooh!. I got all up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. All up in the gutter. You might also like[Interlude: Sample from "Nutcracker Suite"]. Just imagine, a wonderful land. . [Bridge: Zoé Colotis]. I know all these things never happened. I'm just a random girl with gentle manners. In my dreams I rock and I rule the wonderland. Rule the wonderland, rule the wonderland. Rule the wonderland, wonderland, wonderland, wonderland, land, land, land, land.... . [Hook: Zoé Colotis]. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got all up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got, ooh, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. I got all up in, all up in, all up in, all up in the gutter. All up in the gut-, all up in the gut-. All up in the gutter15Embed