He brought clips to mags, I'm here to give him a year subscription. Shoulda told him this clearly isn't a wise career decision. Said when it comes to lyricism you and I's a mirror image. So, let's reflect on that and let these people hear the difference. Nah fuck that, salami boy, that's you. You a straight Humpty, I bet you study the dance moves. I'm guessing nine months before your mother had you. She was getting busy in that Burger King bathroom. I'm bagging him in two, if we ain't gambling for loot. We'll take a page from Lux, go battle on a roof. Loser has to jump, I'll hand the kid a noose. He can choose to snap his neck or get splattered on the stoop. I'm that, burning bush that Moses was sure that he saw in the desert. You that nerd with the pocket protector that turned to The Toxic Avenger. These haymakers'll do you a favor, take the rest of that face off ya'. We'll see more jaws dropping than on that leper colony you escaped off of. You got Ben' in a box? That's minute rice. You can't stop me, I'm, so sincere, you smoke and mirrors, this slang godly. ATM: bank on me. I told you I'm bomb got, Hank Shocklee's brain placed inside a motherfucking Krang body. Now I spent some time last week, thinkin' of ways to call you ugly. But this being 1080p, that's gonna do the job just lovely. When I heard you came from Greece, I thought to myself that's funny. 'Cause you being from Greece, that's like me being from Hungary. And I'm hella feeling the Bay, Joe Cutter, Animal Planet, even Dan is a savage. These are some cats I'd actually rap with. So you send me a verse recording, I'd be happy to match it. If you weren't known for being a bitch on a track like Danica Patrick. You wanna collab, I'll need cake for that track Petey. You'd have to round up three K like a clan meeting. Look he must know no one's tryna book him for shows. He could try the kush and the blow, to try to cushion the blow. But since '09 you been shit, I can't co-sign you a bit. As far as I'm concerned, you got no right to exist. Maybe calling him a legend the whole time was a myth. 'Cause that old climate has shifted been no shine for you since. Got a lowrider down there my bitch stole right down on Fifth. Sitting on a slope it could roll right down the strip. Wrap a clothesline 'round your wrist, so they're both tied to the shift. Have you ghost riding the whip while it goes right off the bridge. I think he get the message now. The second round I'll make him settle down like a wedding vow. Ayo Craig Mack wants his face back. You know what's fucked up? Wait. Day tattooed on a full Spawn mask, and you're still known as the Fresh Coast dude with a fucked-up face. Ain't that some shit. [Round 1: The Saurus]. I got a line that's 'bout to send you to the outer limits. But first I gotta wait another thousand minutes for Mistah F.A.B.'s first round to finish. He wrote some extra raps, to switch the limits,  and mess around. Thinks he set a trap. But what's the best attack, against a cat, who tries to spread a man, in a second flat?. The right, dead his ass, turn off the lights, Teddy Pendergrass. The left, Bender's neck'll snap like Hendrix smashed a Fender Strat. Let's get it. My Bay battles been too few and far between. Fuck Lux, I'll take you to that roof like Martin Sheen. Start the scene, cameras rolling, graf writer, can controlling, cannon loaded. Damn it Rich Gannon's going back to Oakland. Throwing missiles homie, I don't miss. Eyes closed, you could show me where the blindfold is. I'll test, big Ben's hands without a timezone switch. And start, flashing off top like a 5-0's whip. You think a cyclone hit, don't cry though bitch. 'Cause that's a high tone pitch no strike zone fits. Every shot that I throw splits ya' microchips. If Ben' getting outta pocket like the iPhone 6. This kid's got a drinking problem, he ain't got a bright future. At the bar last night till last call, a blind loser. He said, "You want a wine cooler?". Nah I'm not a high schooler. Three shots later he's walking like Walter White Jr. Sooner or later I had to prove you a bitch Bender. I'm here to toss money around like a big spender. Limbs getting dismembered, head spinning, hit record, quick-tempered. This shot won the west like a Winchester. I been tested over time, and I know that I could beat him. Double wide tomb, don't close the mausoleum. I'ma show this clown the meaning of how locals start the season. Leave his head half empty, that's the Oakland Coliseum. You gonna die, I bet if you challenge me you'll be way off. No I said you diabetic, I challenge you to a weigh-off. You might also like[Round 2: Bender]. Now I seen you tryna network wit' your music. You got no hype, you target at building but no one's getting on board. That's a drone strike. Me, I've been a beast since Keith Richards had a clean liver. I'm a high priest of that motherfucking low life. I ain't do no research, I don't care what you do. But you engaged like every other week, so I think it's fair to assume. Any woman you get to agree to marrying you. Is gon' call it off quicker than Arabs and Jews declaring a truce. You a straight chicken hawk, I feel you Morris. You like to get 'em sucking while they're young, that's Philip Morris. You came with light material, photons. You can bet on, against me you're outside of your element, like electrons. When son fire, you black out, ain't nothing safe from this heat. My one-liners are flat out, 180 degrees. (Chokes). See some bad luck, this gonn' be a fast lunch. Pete's been gassed up, like a Vietnam monk. Toss a cigarette butt between his feet then back up. Dead on his feet, dealin' with a special elite. So fresh and so clean, feelin' like I've never been beat. Go on and bring up Illmac, that just benefits me. It's 2015, he still ain't hit you up for any 16. Two time World Champion, surpassed by his peers. So he's underdog in every battle in the last five years. We both had that King of the Dot chain on and lost that shit. The difference is, I threw that match and walked like an arsonist. Don't twist it up, I'm tryna catch a pay check. Shit I been broke from the jump like Donny Hathaway's neck. What I don't get's why Lush thought this match would make sense. Cuz what you wrote down for month's what I do in half a day's prep (clearly not). [Round 2: The Saurus]. Now when he goes to the store he asks for paint and a blank canvas. When he goes to the barber, he asks for the Sage Francis. A fat middle-aged depressed artist, can barely fit the jeans you're rocking. Bottle feeding the addiction of your inner demons talking. You 'bout to set a record player, but it's a different needle dropping. You have a million things in common with Philip Seymour Hoffman. Hopefully, 'cause he died. Caution tape the crime scene and let the Lord be with him. If you think he won a round, it doesn't count, like Norbes' opinion. In your condition man you need to fucking stop it. If this painter make a stand you'll see the ease I'll brush him off with. Now, you fucking lost it but I won't say how. Gloves off, you musta quit, that's the OJ trial. Shit we could go eight rounds, I'll crush you till they shut this whole place down. Then have it opened back up like a cold case file. Now, you thought you were the First Airborne, you a paratrooper. Air maneuver, keep this cat on his feet like a pair of Pumas. Barracuda tearing through ya', Harry Truman airing nukes. I'll, stop the tape and you'll get whipped off cam like Ferris Bueller. I'll bury you, and snatch your soul. Hack ya' skull, have it sold. Come together, Abbey Road. Battle's over, casket closed. But there's a thousand ways for you to die. And since I'm the man they chose. Shit I'll pick Bender off the balcony like Amber Rose. I have it sewed, you better throw, every punch that you can. Fuck Flight Distance, I'm still waiting for something to land. Waiting to battle,  but you weren't ready, and you still not. So it's turned deadly, 'cause I'ma beat you, with the bottle, you been stuck in since you turned 20. You on my last nerve ending and I'm such a cold puncher. One hit, 360, no Rolling Stone cover. So tell any broke fucker who said my career's deaded. I'll bring it back to life with no paramedic like Claire Bennet. . [Round 3: Bender]. Now we all talk shit in battles that we're not gon' do actually. But I'm concerned with this gun shit you been on, playing that fantasy. You talk about drawing them llamas, when you ain't prepared to start clapping P. That'd be like drawing Mohammed, real killers might run up and clear out a magazine. Now part of me almost hopes they let off rounds in this dude. Splash him and take some years off his life, Fountain of Youth. Let me get this outta my system. I hope you get found by some goons, and they put five in The Saurus like a perfect album review. Back in Vegas he roll with a pack of rats, no Sammy Davis. 'Round here he's signing affidavits all across the San Andreas. So I'm not talking 'bout no tracks he make with Planet Asia when I say the factual statement you've collaborated with Cali agents. Man I'm playin', but it's just like fuck every angle's taken. You've battled 650 times on YouTube, no exaggeration,that's amazing. But where the fuck did that get you I'm just saying. I'm thinkin', maybe you shoulda went out in your prime like Amadeus, let me explain. He rose to prominence with the Oakland audience. So I suppose it's common sense, his old accomplishments of global dominance. It started here but grow synonymous with his overconfidence. But, you know the consequence, overexposing all this shit. Promoters jocking him at first reverse, then broke they promises. You saw the opponents Okwerdz got, you hurt, won't acknowledge it. But every event felt like a knife in your back, that's Roman politics. Was it your face that look like post-apocalyptic molten lava pits or your gross incompetence making that music no one bothered with. Now, you just overstayed your welcome, sunk down to the middle tier. Lost all your shit, now they saying you don't belong in this. He's battled long depressions 'cause the man is not the legend. They're like Santa Claus and penguins, that's polar opposites. Now he's stacking all his bread up, packed it up moved to the desert. In the end, that money's gon' be just another ghost you're haunted with. 'Cause you could stack a mountain of dead presidents like that South Dakota monument. But that pot is getting raked 'cause you'll never know when to fold and walk with it. And you deserve it, you treat your fans like shit, ay The Saurus. I don't mean just being a dick, he rips 'em off, he's made a fortune. Seven years ago, Kyle Conway bought a verse, you still ain't recorded. So if you want a track with Pete, don't hold your breath if he paid you for it. I thought you had cards up your sleeve, your boy bluffing, I just royal flushed him. Now who the fuck is Doyle Brunson?. I said from here on in, I'm only battling legends. But if the money's right tell Ness that I might just make an exception. . [Round 3: The Saurus]. You can diss me for playin' cards, but I just think you're hating. I made six K last week clicking buttons, how much did you rake in fingerpainting?. It doesn't make a difference who oversees it, your ship is sailing. Yoke up, I'll split his egg before it's finished incubating. Face it, you don't know what getting paid is, till you've raised kids on both sides of the Bay Bridge. Yeah I gamble for a living, but you need to look closer. 'Cause I even made a bet on this battle, I took over. I ain't come to joke around. You know this clown's been broken down and for what was supposed to be my Oakland crowd. This is how a closing round's supposed to sound. Expect no less from me, rep the west, protect the legacy. Bender's dead in three, prep ahead, get the stretcher please. Before I got on stage, I double-checked my weaponry. And knew I'd wind up armed from all angles like Dennis Eckersley. You're second best to me, I mean, you make tight music. But in this battle shit, all you did was take my blueprint. So when I see ya' mug, I wanna put a straight right to it. You just, got a nose for it like the K-9 unit. Sounding stupid every time I hear this fella force it. I tell him forfeit, you won't get awarded but I'll give you metal for it. I'm metamorphing, mad heart and you can tell I poured it into every bar 'cause he got hit so hard he teleported. You ready for it, this your time to be heard. It's that, word on the street, start biting the curb. I like beef, your boys wanna fight with me, word. I lift your entire team like they hired Steve Kerr. You can't deter me, ain't nobody moving. That's a big red flag, no Soviet Union. Jesus, I'm not religious, I'm only assuming. You'll get bodied and whine, that's holy communion. . [Forgotten Bender Bars From his 2nd Round]. I see some bad luck, it's gon' be a fast lunch. Pete's been gassed up like a Vietnam monk. I'll toss a cigarette butt between his feet then back up. Dead on his feet, feeling like a special elite. So fresh and so clean I'm feeling like I've never been beat. Go on bring up Illmac, that just benefits me. It's 2015, he still ain't hit you up for any 16s. Two-time World Champion, surpassed by his peers. So he's underdog in every battle in the last five years. We both had that King Of The Dot chain on and lost the shit. The difference is I threw that match and walked like a arsonist. Don't twist it up I'm tryna cash a paycheck. Shit I been, broke from the jump like Donny Hathaway's neck. But what I, don't get's why Lush thought this match would make sense. 'Cause what you, wrote down for months I do with half a day's prep1Embed