This week on Yankee and the brave. . [Verse 1: Killer Mike]. Back at it like a crack addict, Mr. Black Magic. Crack a bitch back, chiropractic, Craftmatic. Big daddy smokin' big Cali in a black alley. In a black Grand Natty rollin' down Old Natty. Hair nappy, matty as a black granddaddy, all fact. No cappin', fat, black boat captain stay floatin'. No flappin', wave runner, I'm a gunner. I'ma have your block hot as a sauna all summer. And I put that on Osama and my motherfuckin' mama. I'ma terrorize the actors playing like they want some drama. I'ma chop 'em with a chopper 'til I motherfuckin' drop 'em (Drop 'em, drop 'em, drop 'em). [Verse 2: El-P]. Stack addict, a mack with the blackest fabric on back. I magically rack it and dash while I'm duckin' rat-a-tat-tats. I'm runnin' the truck over sucker shit. Matter fact, kiss the ass and even the cra-a-ack. Automatic facts, it's like tha-a-at (Woo). It's scammer bliss when you puttin' villains in charge of shit. All of us targeted, all we doin' is arguin'. Pardon them as they work until every pocket's been picked and soul been harvested. I'm ready to mob on these fuckin' charlatans (Charlatans, charlatans, charlatans, charlatans, charlatans, charlatans). . [Break: Killer Mike (Scratches by Trackstar the DJ)]. Go-go-go-, go-go-go-go-. Go-go-go-go-, Go-go-go-go-. Go-go-go-go-, go-go-go-, go-go-. What we gon' do—?. . [Verse 3: El-P]. 'Til time die, I'm galactically fly. The moon is movin' the maniacs in the city to crime. Hearts fry, all this neon is rippin' us up inside. Immortality's out of bounds, it's a one-round ride. . [Verse 4: Killer Mike]. I got one round left, a hunnid cops outside. I could shoot at them or put one between my eyes. Chose the latter, it don't matter, it ain't suicide. And if the news say it was, that's a goddamn lie. I can't let the pigs kill me, I got too much pride. And I meant it when I said it, never take me alive. You might also like[Verse 5: El-P]. I got the Grand Nat runnin' in the alley outside. Now, Michael, run like you hungry and get your ass in the ride. I'd rather have and not need you than watch your rotten demise. And you still owe me for them Nikes, you do not get to just die. You try to fuck with my brother, you get the bastard surprise. And that's more honest than your whole life in a fraction of time. I didn't get my degree in how to smoke weed 'til I'm blind. So you could ruin my high, Jewel Runner doing you bye. . [Verse 6: Killer Mike]. My brother made a point, so out the back door I'ma slide. I'm chubby, husky, thighs scrubbin', fuckin' up my Levis. A crooked copper got the dropper, I put lead in his eye. 'Cause we heard he murdered a black child, so none of us cried. . [Outro: Killer Mike with El-P]. Yankee and the brave are here. Everybody hit the deck. We don't mean no harm. But we truly mean all the disrespect (Four)8Embed