Don't throw off my energy, you killing my high. They want the recipe, my slice of the pie. Said I’ll let 'em rest in peace, before I divide. What's mines is mine, from nine to nine. I get up and cook like I’m Emeril Lagasse. Flow like a river, it run like a faucet. I'm in my element, nigga you lost it. I'm on my ship, my nigga you off it. I play the field like I'm Kenny Lofton. You got that backwards, that's some Kriss Kross shit. I've been on point, yeah that's some Chris Paul shit. I paid the price, I know what the cost is. [Verse 1]. I play the post like I'm Shaq in Orlando. I BMX when I flex with no handles. My backbone is straight, you can see what I stand for. I dropped a bomb on the bitch like a anvil. Guess I got sick of this shit, it’s a landfill. Nobody move till I say, that’s a standstill. They yelling boom bye yae, feel like the man there. I take my pride and what they take for granted. Call me the champ, bitch I feel amped. I'm in the game, you in the stands. I took a shot, I took a chance. You throw a stone then hide your hand. Why you play it how you play it?. Why you do it how you do it?. Why you movin’ how you movin'?. Man these motherfuckers clueless. Niggas ain't made it. I need hits like a writer, fist full of paper. Niggas ain't jaded. Yeah this shit look crazy, been sedated here lately. Tryna upgrade it, trying my patience, tryna be gracious. Vision like Lasik, niggas so basic. We not adjacent, don’t come around. . [Chorus]. Don't throw off my energy, you killing my high. They want the recipe, my slice of the pie. Said I'll let 'em rest in peace, before I divide. What's mines is mine, from nine to nine. I get up and cook like I'm Emeril Lagasse. Flow like a river, it run like a faucet. I'm in my element, nigga you lost it. I'm on my ship, my nigga you off it. I play the field like I'm Kenny Lofton. You got it backwards, that's some Kriss Kross shit. I've been on point, yeah that's some Chris Paul shit. I paid the price, I know what the cost is. You might also like[Verse 2]. I gotta move, gotta pick it up. No we don't do the particulars. No I don't smile for the cameras. Tell 'em bet it back and raise the ante up. Tell 'em take a page out of my manuscript. You're opinion with it, I can't handle it. Niggas A.I, this shit artificial. They gon' play dumb when we got an issue. But I will leave a fuck nigga flustered. Can't catch up with what you muster. Kinda more than off, I'ma bust first. I don't do the rumors, fuck what you heard. Got my hands dirty 'cause I do work. Kept it straight and steady, nigga you swerve. Hit the light switch, yeah I might bitch. Blow the building up like I'm ISIS. Run a clean route, Jerry Rice shit. Put the whole game in my vices. Niggas been known I'm decisive. Call me Phil Jack with an icepack. Run a play, ride it, run it right back. In the same night, how you like that?. Callin' out numbers, Pat Sajak. Feeling like Diddy telling 'em "take that, take that". You can have it when I'm finished. My shit real, authentic. Your shit fake, augmented. My status eminent. My feet set lil nigga. Get what you get, you get it?. Really don't make no difference. Bitch don't come 'round. [Chorus]. Don't throw off my energy, you killing my high. They want the recipe, my slice of the pie. Said I'll let 'em rest in peace, before I divide. What's mines is mine, from nine to nine. I get up and cook like I'm Emeril Lagasse. Flow like a river, it run like a faucet. I'm in my element, nigga you lost it. I'm on my ship, my nigga you off it. I play the field like I'm Kenny Lofton. You got it backwards, that's some Kriss Kross shit. I've been on point, yeah that's some Chris Paul shit. I paid the price, I know what the cost isEmbed