I said what's up homie? Welcome to your own lobotomy. You may have sent Dirtbag Dan back to local comedy but ain't no one stopping me. We're at World Domination 6, right? The whole globe is watching me. Ain't that about a bitch? Like a Rone biography. I said my dude, I'm honestly happy for you. I thought you'd never be the champ son. Shit, we six bars into this title match and it's already better than the last one. I mean I'm way too advanced son, I can do shit that you've never did. That's why I gotta take his last breath before he get a second wind. I mean I heard you was gonna get personal with me, I must've got in his head. Y'all been begging for a king but instead you got a God in the flesh. You want your style...your style? Is as obvious as it gets. You rap like how bitches baby-talk to their pets. Like, "Oh, you gon' rap like this you think you’ve got it handled. Oh. You gon' talk to Daniel like a cocker spaniel ARF!. Boy I catch you slipping on yo' campus while you flannel. Boy I gotta chopper knock you our your socks and sandals!". Bitch so don't panic, your punches do no damage. I'll elbow turn your nose into nothing but bone fragments. Body blows, give him a bleeding heart like a hopeless romantic. I'm nomadic, I leave Earth with no hope of going home to my own planet. You my bro Adam, but that don't mean I won't go at him. Throw blows at him, bury him up to his throat and throw stones at him. You get cold feet? I toe tag you. You know that chrome Magnum. But that forehead cro magnon. My bullets hit you ricochet and hit Gully and Organik. I said they keep calling you a king but I think this king needs the boot. I mean honestly this whole chain needs a control+alt+delete and reboot. This guy called me a fucking "weed" man, but I think we can see the truth. I think he's just jealous of the weeds, at least weeds has some roots. I mean my dude, you dressed up like fucking Abraham Lincoln trying to gain some views. And then you rapped about freeing slaves while all the black people tried to escape the room. The craziest shit is. Out of all the angles this lame could use. It's funny you dress like Abe Lincoln but you're the one getting the chain removed. I'm way too smooth, you ain't never been great. Let's face facts Adam I'm already a legend today. But I swear to God the only thing black in your house is electrical tape. He probably calls the cops on his own shadow like, "Stop him, he's getting away.". You're a fucking faggot with no stripes. You wanna gamble but no dice. This fool Adam is so white he won't even reach in his bars. He's had everything handed to him his whole life. I said, he'll out write me and then out white me. You don't want to mess with dude. He's never struggled a day in his life, his parents put him on a pedestal. He's got a top five but no non-white rappers. He's got a tattoo right above his champ stamp that says #AllLivesMatter. He loves chai tea, tai chi. He hates Spike Lee, doing The Right Thing. He loves Skyping, typing, hiking, biking. Third Reiching, evidence hiding, stereotyping, racial profiling. Pretty much any white thing. Homie...you ain't anything like me. You ain't prepped for survival. Cause a year from now, nobody's gonna remember when you went viral. You may have cheated death before with Illmac' but now your destination is final. We can all judge this book by this cover cause the story ends with the title. [Round 1: Rone]. Roney Bae the King, formerly the prince. I call him "cocker spaniel" cause he's always been my bitch. Oh, so you're the super villain career ender. Well I dig that. I heard you even ended a marriage before, well that's a sick stat. But my rhymes change lives too, you doubt my impact?. Have you seen Big T lately? He's 170 with a six pack. World Domination. What? I gotta break him down geographically?. I mean Taiwan fucks with me. I guess I got that Taipei personality. I mean chicas want my Calvin's off. No strap to get my style across. Cause I rap like I got an Eagle that's the size of an albatross. I was whipping the drop Regal that's blacker than Don Cheadle. You're pall bearer, the jaw ring gon' say "shells these are not Beatles". Do you like your pops leave you. Horror script and the plots evil. And I already killed you once, my stories all got sequels. I'll run up on him like the Rocky steps. Slash him with a hockey stick. I killed him once, I gotta kill him again like he's a zombie flick. But there's no skeletons in my closet so this ain't another body. You're only as good as the dirt you have and you have nothing on me. I mean, I didn't cheat on my girl, not a whore in my house. But not because I have morals, let me just dispel that lie now. And not because of love, let me shoot that right down. I didn't cheat cause I was scared fucking Caustic would find out. Fucking Sherlock Holmes. He bides his time, thinking he's kinda sly. Stealing receipts, checking what I would buy like some kind of private eye. But I got hip to the game quicker, we're not painting the same picture. 'kay wigger? There's a difference between a dirt digger and a grave digger. See, you're finished. Well...done, stick a fork him. The mortician, the 28.4 liter Ford engine. The unicorn, I'm Porziņģis in the form with it. I'm Ben Simmons on the floor spinning. A centaur while he's formed shifting but Caustic is just. Light and projection, it's pure physics. You had the same hair-beard combo as every pussy at Coachella. So you can not be hard, it's a simple little fact. Plus you have the same voice as the pig from Toy Story. So it's only right I dump that nickel in his back!. Yo, I'll hit your niece with the braces. Get her tea bagged 'til her teeth snag, I'm her new dentist. You fuck with Juventus I use your team flag as a skeet rag. I'll let the team shag. I could get half of your family tree bag. Your baby mom is 43, does speed and let's her jeans sag. Your baby mom looks like a drag queen, I'll get your queen dragged. Rip his beard off, do his Adam's apple like a speed bag. I don't care if Soul's punch was softer than a fucking bean bag. You got slapped and just stood there just like that shit was freeze tag. I mean, damn, Daniel!. I bet that pussy wet as dam Daniel. That pussy got man handled. He hit it then kick it out he told to go pan handle. Watch me grand stand you. {punching sounds} Van Damme you. {punching sounds} Damn Daniel you don't understand I'm snuffing your man's candle. Watch me back stab you, over and over again like the needle gone on a back tattoo. Check, check, Martin Havlat you. Fold him, zip him, knapsack you. Style on him, Rat Pack you. Whip my phone out, fucking battle and beat him then fucking Snapchat you. But wait, wait, wait, wait. Maybe, keeping it all rappity rap is keeping it too basic. So if I acted how you act, well, how would you take it?. Cause if I was you, I would probably name your girl and call her a hot mess. If I was you, I would take your statements out of context. If I was you, I'd go low and come at your pops next. If I was you, I'd probably blame you for Cadalack Ron's death. I mean, getting high, getting high - Listen to me Caustic! Listen to me Caustic!. Getting high in front of a recovery addict, why would he need that?. I can't believe that. So if I was you, I would probably blame you for his relapse. But I'm not you. I'm not you. I just know my friend would like to hear his name dropped. And I miss him. You miss him too?. Well I'ma put you in the same spot. Rest in peace, that's one. You might also like[Round 2: Caustic]. Ooh, he's gonna get personal with me. Oh gee golly wiz, I can't wait. Why don't you go drink some fucking bleach since you think being white's that great. You used to be my right hand man, now you don't deserve my handshake. Game Of Thrones shit, still the King Slayer even though my right hand fake. I said I wish a motherfucker would, I be chopping 'em down. Blocks will come out, I be making Mr. Booblaka Chilaka Boo sounds. When it comes to rapping bitch I've been snapping longer than locker room towels. I'll have you stretched on a table with the doctors around. Just to tell you you ass out like a hospital gown. Oh...so I was walking around thinking like, "Dude. What would make Adam just madder than hell?. What would take all the wind outta his sails.". Then he said, "Well we should mention our girls names.". Well, don't you date that bitch Allison Dale?. Yeah? Why don't you pass the message to that slut and tell her I can excel in every way that Adam has failed. If you look at her pictures, her eyes are sad you can tell. She's so used to having two hands grabbing her tail. And get her asshole impaled by more African males than a packed Attica jail. And that's hard.... You know, that's a hard thing to live up to. But he makes up for it with a strong back rub and a solid "I love you". He be kissing that bitch on the mouth like it's the love of his life. But deep down he knows he just ain't fucking her right. She's got the Black Snake Moan, she likes a little mud in her pipes. I don't even know why she fucks this guy. He's all types of bitch, he's got red lips and rosy cheeks. Who the fuck you supposed to be? Tyler Swift?. You fucking giant vagina lip. I don't get what part you're not understanding. I don't know any other man in the world that could've called to have a mirror match with a tranny. I mean this is the difference between us. Y'all looking at a glimpse of a genius. But with all these pussy ass feminine little physical features. We all agree, there's No Shame if you decide to get rid of your penis. Well hold on, I got a question. How come every time somebody mentions a time Rone got molested. His face immediately looks like he just got a Botox injection?. Now, it's my chance to get him so, I better get him. I mean, fans love to tell you what you can and can't talk about but you know me, I never listen. They said "It's an automatic loss if you talk about Sandusky or any of his alleged victims.". Well as far as I'm concerned if you getting defensive about getting molested then you probably got fucking molested with 'em. Now I know talking about Sandusky is played but y'all know I got a little something to say. To be honest Adam, I've studied your case. And I'm not saying that being molested makes somebody gay. But...you were on the track team. At any point did you consider just...running away?. Is that not something you would try?. I mean all those years of learning how to take a baton from behind. It's like you learned nothing from the guy. I mean maybe that's why your little album Committed was trash. You haven't dealt with all that shit from your past. Maybe all those Sandusky dicks in your ass changed your pitch when you rap. All those sexual assaults and you never did nothing back?. You got raped by your running coach, no wonder you sound like such a bitch on your tracks. See I like saying shit like that just to watch him get rattled. But if you wanna see some really weird shit, why don't you check out his Complement Battle?. Now, the second I turned it on I knew there was something fucking strange going down out here. But it did answer a long time question. Who's dick do you gotta suck to get a title shot around here?. And then you think and it's just you know, it's just Adam and Patrick. They're always coming up with the wackiest antics. You know, running around Canada, acting like faggots. But that's the part that makes me think somebody really raped you. Maybe you overplay the gay thing to cover up how uncomfortable it actually makes you. So while you were out there pretending to be a couple gay dudes. How about the fact that for all that gay shit you did, Pat never actually paid you?. Aw, this shit just got incredibly real. Aye, he done sucked a dude's dick and didn't even keep up his end of the deal. Adam calling every day and Pat's like, "Don't worry Adam, you getting it still.". And then you took him out to dinner in L.A. and you got fucking left with the bill. That's amazing, my dude Pat, screwed you for two stacks. And you didn't do shit bitch, what part of Philly did they do that?. I mean and I don't blame him, look at Pat, he'd fucking whoop his ass. He wasn't trying to scuffle but he played it like it was an accident but you actually kind of got hustled. I bet you was having Sandusky flashbacks yelling at Pat like, "Why did I trust you?!". It sucks Adam you just can't help but get fucked by the guys you look up to. I said you either real or you ain't dawg, there ain't no in-between. We ain't cut from the same cloth, I'm tailor made for the game or so it would seem. Cause when it comes to rhyming I'm on top if you know what I mean. You a cup of noodle, I'll peel your lid back just to blow off some steam. Infrared beams look like techno lasers. Dealership maintenance you just met your maker. So now's a good time to go ahead and accept your savior. Before I make the Devil your fucking next door neighbor. I said that's a sign you're a bitch, I ain't here to impress no haters. I said the deuce deuce is a good buy/bye, I protect my paper. In a fair one, you won't fare well, I don't respect yo' gangsta. Plus I got a piece so long it'll catch you later. Bitch. [Round 2: Rone]. Man, that fucking gangsta shit is the weirdest shit I've heard about you. I talked to the rest of the white battle rappers and to be honest. The fellas are getting worried about you. Bro, it's like you can't decide if you're Jamal or Geppetto. An Italian who acts black? Where you from, the Spaghetto?. Talking about this fake drug dealer shit. Selling, copping, never stopping. Bragging 'bout who he sold to, Benny, Robby, Jenny, Johnny. He even made a deal in a Denny's lobby with Hammurabi. Bro, you know who else sold weed before? Fucking everybody!. Bro, my little sister, sold packs of loud shit. You don't hear her bragging 'bout it. My grandma's stylist was packing ounces. Shit, so was my dad's accountant. If you do all this secret illegal shit then why would you tell us?. He's like, "Gangsters move in silence. And did I mention I sell drugs?". Well, I roof whatever drugs you got. I'm talking crack, pills, heroin. Even if it's legal drugs, I'm talking Advil, Claritin. I'll throw your bitch off the roof like I'm Dan Bilzerian. I'll throw your shoes on the phone line while your man's still wearing 'em. You wife her, I'll snipe her like click click boom, La Di Da Di. She on the patch then I'm Slick Rick smooth. I'll send a photo of the bands then send a dick pic through. That's the chicken and the beef like a McPick 2. But I got a top five reasons you should not rap. Number 1: you are a cable guy for Comcast. You know what? Fuck the list, we can stop flat. Reasons one through five, they are all that. Fucking cable guys deserve a special section of Hell. Where the Devil tortures them sometime between seven and twelve. Fucking Fairy the Cable Guy, our second battle isn't stressing me. But I feel like Matthew Broderick cause the Cable Guy is obsessed with me. So this for every time you said 'five' and showed up after six. This is for every stranger's toilet that you clogged with a massive shit. This is for every shitty operator y'all have ever had talk to me. Every one of them in India who claims they're down the block from me. Fucking cable companies are an inherently un-American symbol. Comcast runs a Monopoly and you just play the thimble. So I want remunerations for dealing with your faggot shit. So after I beat you, you're hooking me up with all of the sports packages. You know what? Fuck all the sports packages. I don't want sports packages let me be more accurate. I want the porn packages. Fucking Skinemax? Gimme that. Bunny Ranch? I fucks with that. He's already asked but here's something you should know about me now. If I can't have battle rap I will burn it to the ground. I mean, Dizaster's been ducking me like I'm not in that class. Dizaster's been ducking me like some kind of Math class. I heard Tay Roc run his mouth, how is he a threat?. Bro, I would take care of Roc like a Chia Pet. Bro, I would take care of Roc like a PG vet. Bro, I would take care of Roc like a vet PG. I whip Roc like Nash when he's MVP. I would get rid of Roc like it's NBD. I'll 30 Roc like the studios at NBC. And y'all might think I'm losing focus, but maybe you should know this. Before the battle I Instagram'd evidence that he doesn't write his own shit. So log onto @adamferrone to read every word now. Or just wait, cause we'll get into it in that third round. . [Round 3: Caustic]. Yo, you mentioned my homie Ron...I swear to God I'm a writer. Bitch I could check this dick and feel nothing, I'm like Bonnie Godiva. They said, "Caustic, did you see Day 1? 'Cane was snapping.". I was like, "Yeah, yes. But all his good lines were about me so I guess he still needs Caustic bars to get a major reaction.". I said, oh you didn't buy nothing right, 'Cane?. What the fuck were you paying for when you made the transaction?. You know what? You can just walk around with this L but I guess Stranger Things have happened. I said my dude came. It was three years I was hoping that you'd change. But you're still the same bum begging for bars with loose change. I said you still got your mouth wrapped around another dude's name. You're like a shamed Olympian blaming the steroids for the poor decisions that you made. I said, Al can fucking blow me. At this point Al owes me some alimony. Acting like I snitched on somebody, no I just alerted my actual homie. About some fucking stranger who didn't pay me the fucking full amount that he owes me. But I'm no angle though. We've all gotten a couple bars along the way, you know?. But shit if we wanna talk about the ratio. I don't need a bunch of Facebook conversations posted to tell you what I gave to Rone. Oh...did you forgot?. When we were out there in England?. Don't Flop for the weekend. You couldn't finish your rounds cause you was too busy drinking. I gave you a whole round for Youthoracle right in front of you without even blinking. You're like, "Hey, thanks Caustic I'm sorry I choked. But you don't write how I be normally speaking. But hey it'd be cool if we could keep this our little secret.". Awww, you little fucking faggot dude. Aye, you mad at me?. What about a week before your battle with T. And didn't have much help to give you but I did give you a little something, didn't I, you manatee?. . [Rone]. Never. . [Caustic]. Never?. I mean imagine me. Bunch of people get credit for my writtens. But I can tell you like this, I've taken a lot less than I've given. So whoever's feeding you your information is telling you some fucking fiction. And besides, Erik Foreman helped you write this whole fucking battle so what's the fucking difference?!. No?. See, if you look at his name it'll prove that he's a hypocrite in the long run. Cause he likes to sit around and call people frauds even though you R-one. I said I know who I am, these battlers should have a natural fear. But this is your second title match. I've had bars in title matches for the last three and half years. And if you're confused, you think that shit is weird. And you don't think that shit is actually true. Then why aren't you taking a second and ask half of the fucking battlers in this room. But it's Rone!. It's Rone who they've given me. He composes it like a symphony. He's simply, says simple things a bunch of filler schemes and similes. But he hides it behind this whiny high pitched delivery. So you can't tell he's the least quotable rapper in King Of The Dot history. I mean every since you became a little mini-celebrity. You think you got all the answers like that guinea from Jeopardy. I'm sick of this fucking rich dickhead kid disrespecting me. The only privileged I ever had in my life was a fifth of Hennessy. And after I finish that I'm gonna find your little sister Stephanie. And dig her the fuck out like a hysterectomy. See him and Erik Foreman have been on the internet instant messaging. Desperately trying to discredit me. To make me lose I swear to God they'll do anything. But, I've got enemies. Got a lot of enemies but both you faggots 'bout to get the same vasectomy. But since you're a man of education let's look at it scientifically. You lost momentum while I gave it a simple transfer of energy. Cause if you break it down to the chemistry. Your volume to the masses doesn't have any density. Cause even in the most basic of matters. You just can't trust Adams cause they make up everything. . [Rone]. You're a liar, bro, you're a liar. . [Caustic]. I'm a liar? I'm a liar? That's your observation?. The best you got is a 2012 Photoshop conversation?. Suck a fucking dick, that shit is fucking finished. You're supposed to be a fucking champion, now you out here coming with gimmicks. Dude that shit is fucking actually true. If you were a real fucking champion you would've showed up to the event and interacted with fans like champions do. Your trend ended before you started, you're the Ed Hardy of battling dude. Dude, I was gonna retire after I won this shit. That's some shit I thought I never would say. I was just gonna take the chain and left y'all for dead. Then I thought about it, is that really how this legend will end?. Then I said, fuck it. I'd rather stay and break Pat's record instead!. Let's go!. . [Round 3: Rone]. So this is not a regular battle round. You know, a verse on his weaknesses. So fuck a crowd, fuck a crown, these are personal grievances. So let's not mince words. You missed your first battle with Big T cause you were hungover from some bad coke. On Friday you're doing great, the next day you can't go. Once the fans had their money paid and that's why you're fucking fake. Cause you were in Chicago at the venue but couldn't go because a tummy ache?. Bro, what the eff is that?. How is he your expecting champ when he might miss any heavy scratch from a bout of the menstrual cramps?. Fuck losing any respect, mine for dude didn't exist. Cause I did the same drugs and was fine, your immune system's a bitch. But the very worst thing from the scene from that night. Worse than Mr. Free Drugs being a fiend for that white. Is your slogan, "Free Drugs". I was believing the hype. And then I watched you pay for those shitty drugs at a fucking premium price. I mean, what happened to the slogan, dawg? I really believed that. When I say "Grandmom's favorite grandson," ask my grandmom, I really mean that. But yo, there's something bigger about your fame that has driven me insane. How you made your whole name off of ghostwriting for Arcane. But behind the scenes us battlers know you in a different way. You are the most notorious recipient of shared bars in the game. Oh y'all want names?. Y'all want names?. Fresco never gave you bars?. Fredo never gave you bars?. Frank Stacks never gave you bars?. D-Lor never gave you bars?. Fucking Reverse Live never gave you bars?. Fucking Real Deal never gave you bars?. Bro, fucking Marvwon never gave you bars?. Madness never gave you bars?. Bro, and that's the ones I know, imagine ones I don't. Imagine all his secrets if that's the stuff he shows. I mean the first time he called me for bars we weren't even bros then. It was against fucking Roosevelt and that was back in '010. It's really just incredible what he does behind the scenes. . I watched five battlers give him bars for Mr. 13. Vers' Arsonal, Chedda Cheese, every battle it's obscene. Last year vers' Big T it was full four bar schemes. And you still skipped the battle after I directly gave you bars. So stop lying you are not genius that you claim you are. Battles on 24 hours notice really aren't that exciting for him. When you realize he probably has like 24 people writing for him. I mean, fucking getting bars, burning bridges, that just shows he's a selfish guy. His slogan "Free Drugs" that explains his health's decline. But after all his snitching it was on himself this time. Cause Mr. Free Drugs has always needed someone else's lines. And the way you vilified Arcane when you are ten times the cheater. That's like getting ethic lessons from fucking Carlos Mencia. Go and get your ghostwriters I guarantee they're not enough. Oh you write your own shit? Yeah so does Melania Trump. I said you really can't compare duke. I say shit they're scared to. You dig dirt, find someone that's written for me, I fucking dare you!. Bro, this is for all that bad karma you built up. All that cattiness displayed. Because all of that bad karma that comes back to you TODAY. So I hope you get STDs to what you said to Q-Shinobi. Based on what you said to K, I hope you lose one of your closest homies. For what you said to Caddy I wish you dope scared veins. And your mom deserves to die for what you said about Arcane. Based on Soul, I hope your girl moves away, far from you. From Jeff, I hope she cheats, just to make it hard from you. From Ex-I I hope you know the guy. And just to make it horrible. I hope it's one of your best friends from what you said to Arsonal. I hope they run a train on her from what you said to Cortez. I hope she gets a restraining order from what you said to Megadeath. Then I hope you get back together and the two of you have babies. And I hope that fucking kid's retarded from what you said to Matt Daley. Bro, you are a rat and a snake. That's just how I see him. This is bigger than rap beefing, both coasts or regions. So I'm not lobbying for a win and I don't care if you believe it. But any league where he's the champ isn't one I want to be inEmbed